Smiles all roundSounds like Dad needs a fence and a book about how to raise Alpacas for his birthday.     		Edit: that's what I get for trusting autocorrect.
Smiles all roundsorry but it sounds like your dad's not coming back
Smiles all roundThat's my dad! This is hilarious because he's always travelling and sending us pictures and messages like this, and we always talk about how meme-worthy he is. Glad the rest of the world got to experience some Dimitri :)
Smiles all roundI saw this on Twitter yesterday and it made me so happy. It is wonderful to see someone who is experiencing pure joy.
Smiles all roundI can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.
Smiles all roundI mean this in the most sincere way: The first time I touched an alpaca changed my life. Their wool feels like a teddy bear made of dreams. If you haven't felt one, go to your local petting zoo and do it now. If your local petting zoo doesn't have an alpaca, find a new place to live. Just be sure to pet the other animals first. After touching an alpaca, petting a sheep will feel like rubbing sandpaper covered in brillo pads. It might actually cut your hand open.		If God has deemed you worthy and you have felt an alpaca, take a friend who hasn't to the petting zoo. I cannot describe to you the joy you get when you watch them have their first alpaca experience. It's like being at your best friend's wedding, or welcoming a newborn baby into the world. A truly magical, once in a lifetime experience.		If you love someone this Christmas, get them alpaca socks. If you really love someone (like really, really love them), get them an alpaca sweater. They will forever remember you as the person who changed their lives for the better. 
Smiles all roundI can understand his joy. Alpacas are like the friendlier version of llamas (though they are still very territorial ~~and can give nasty bites if they choose~~ no they can't, their jaws don't allow it. TIL). Plus they are indeed mega soft and fluffy. Knitting with alpaca wool yarn is like knitting with clouds made of love. <3
Smiles all roundA neighbor of mine has two he just raises as pets, I can definitely confirm they're the softest thing I've ever felt. Plus, they're super friendly, they see you walking outside their pen, they instantly run over for pets. 		Edit: [Picture of one of the lovely ladies](https://i.imgur.com/asbpz0C.jpg)
Smiles all roundThat is one adorable alpaca!
Smiles all roundI want to hug all of you guys <3
Smiles all round:)
Smiles all roundAnyone want to go to Peru with me now? Alpaca lunch :)
Smiles all roundEveryone looks so happy
Smiles all roundDon't tell him about vicuas 
Smiles all roundI don't know who is more cute, the dad, the alpaca or the peruvian girl
Smiles all roundI lived in Peru for a year. They are so. Freaking. Cute. Get a chance to visit Peru and Macchu Picchu if you can.
Smiles all roundThe alpahacas look very happy too 
Smiles all roundIs this a meme? Seems like a couple of pictures and FB statuses pasted together. 		Wholesome as all get out, though.
Sounds like Dad needs a fence and a book about how to raise Alpacas for his birthday.     		Edit: that's what I get for trusting autocorrect.I don't know why people are acting like Alpaca isn't the way to say it. But I just wanted to say that we have a couple of alpacas and they're so easy to keep. All you need is the room really.
Sounds like Dad needs a fence and a book about how to raise Alpacas for his birthday.     		Edit: that's what I get for trusting autocorrect.*Alpahaca
Sounds like Dad needs a fence and a book about how to raise Alpacas for his birthday.     		Edit: that's what I get for trusting autocorrect.OP better learn how to knit! 
sorry but it sounds like your dad's not coming backHe's an alpaca now.
sorry but it sounds like your dad's not coming backWhat do you mean? He's ready to come back, he's alpaca'd up!
sorry but it sounds like your dad's not coming backHe's alpaca'd up and ready to go.
That's my dad! This is hilarious because he's always travelling and sending us pictures and messages like this, and we always talk about how meme-worthy he is. Glad the rest of the world got to experience some Dimitri :)Gotta ask you for the proof before the reddit detectives find you....
That's my dad! This is hilarious because he's always travelling and sending us pictures and messages like this, and we always talk about how meme-worthy he is. Glad the rest of the world got to experience some Dimitri :)Your dad is totally doing acid in Peru 
That's my dad! This is hilarious because he's always travelling and sending us pictures and messages like this, and we always talk about how meme-worthy he is. Glad the rest of the world got to experience some Dimitri :)Your dad is cute af
That's my dad! This is hilarious because he's always travelling and sending us pictures and messages like this, and we always talk about how meme-worthy he is. Glad the rest of the world got to experience some Dimitri :)[this](https://www.etsy.com/nl/listing/481888957/nieuwe-natuurlijke-100-baby-alpaca-bont?ga_order=most_relevant&ga_search_type=all&ga_view_type=gallery&ga_search_query=alpaca&ref=sr_gallery_9) is what your dad needs..In fact, it's what I need! 
That's my dad! This is hilarious because he's always travelling and sending us pictures and messages like this, and we always talk about how meme-worthy he is. Glad the rest of the world got to experience some Dimitri :)Someone get this person to the top!  
I saw this on Twitter yesterday and it made me so happy. It is wonderful to see someone who is experiencing pure joy.May we all experience joy on this blessed day.
I can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.I had no idea I needed that video so much this morning.  That entire thing was fantastic. 
I can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.That's so freaking sweet
I can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.Wow she's adorable. 
I can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.I JUST had a meltdown exactly like that, only it was about manly men doing their little girls hair. Pls send help
I can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.Oh my god that's incredible
I can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.Huh, I really enjoyed that. Didn't really know I liked sloths so much either.
I can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.Oh my god. I'm in love with Kirsten Bell.
I can't help but be reminded of [Kristen Bell's sloth meltdown on Ellen](https://youtube.com/watch?v=t5jw3T3Jy70). They're all too adorable.I can't not read the messages in Archer's voice.
I mean this in the most sincere way: The first time I touched an alpaca changed my life. Their wool feels like a teddy bear made of dreams. If you haven't felt one, go to your local petting zoo and do it now. If your local petting zoo doesn't have an alpaca, find a new place to live. Just be sure to pet the other animals first. After touching an alpaca, petting a sheep will feel like rubbing sandpaper covered in brillo pads. It might actually cut your hand open.		If God has deemed you worthy and you have felt an alpaca, take a friend who hasn't to the petting zoo. I cannot describe to you the joy you get when you watch them have their first alpaca experience. It's like being at your best friend's wedding, or welcoming a newborn baby into the world. A truly magical, once in a lifetime experience.		If you love someone this Christmas, get them alpaca socks. If you really love someone (like really, really love them), get them an alpaca sweater. They will forever remember you as the person who changed their lives for the better. Hey it's me! Some one you really, really love! 
I can understand his joy. Alpacas are like the friendlier version of llamas (though they are still very territorial ~~and can give nasty bites if they choose~~ no they can't, their jaws don't allow it. TIL). Plus they are indeed mega soft and fluffy. Knitting with alpaca wool yarn is like knitting with clouds made of love. <3I have just taken up knitting again after a long hiatus and if I keep it up, I'm going to finally treat myself to some alpaca yarn.
A neighbor of mine has two he just raises as pets, I can definitely confirm they're the softest thing I've ever felt. Plus, they're super friendly, they see you walking outside their pen, they instantly run over for pets. 		Edit: [Picture of one of the lovely ladies](https://i.imgur.com/asbpz0C.jpg)You sound like a lucky person.
A neighbor of mine has two he just raises as pets, I can definitely confirm they're the softest thing I've ever felt. Plus, they're super friendly, they see you walking outside their pen, they instantly run over for pets. 		Edit: [Picture of one of the lovely ladies](https://i.imgur.com/asbpz0C.jpg)Trump sign in the background. That is one High Energy alpaca. Alpaca centipede if you will.  
A neighbor of mine has two he just raises as pets, I can definitely confirm they're the softest thing I've ever felt. Plus, they're super friendly, they see you walking outside their pen, they instantly run over for pets. 		Edit: [Picture of one of the lovely ladies](https://i.imgur.com/asbpz0C.jpg)Man, I'd give her so many pets.
That is one adorable alpaca!It looks like a living Muppet.  
I want to hug all of you guys <3Big bug hug.
Anyone want to go to Peru with me now? Alpaca lunch :)Alpaca my bags and meet with you shortly!
Don't tell him about vicuas As far as I know they have the finest hair in terms of microns compared to any animal, I bet they feel amazing, are they friendly too?
Is this a meme? Seems like a couple of pictures and FB statuses pasted together. 		Wholesome as all get out, though.It's from Twitter, but it is so very wholesome, so I hope it is allowed to stay.
Is this really your dad OP? and if it is do you know where he was? That woman looks like one of the Ecuadorian natives that live up in the mountains.It's actually my dad. He's in Peru!
Not a memeThat's why it's classified as wholesome.
I don't know why people are acting like Alpaca isn't the way to say it. But I just wanted to say that we have a couple of alpacas and they're so easy to keep. All you need is the room really.Have you hugged your alpacas lately?
I don't know why people are acting like Alpaca isn't the way to say it. But I just wanted to say that we have a couple of alpacas and they're so easy to keep. All you need is the room really.It's because that's how the dad spelled it in the image above. That's why people are correcting the alpaca spelling. 		And how would I get an alpaca? I have the room. I don't see any on Amazon.com though. 
I don't know why people are acting like Alpaca isn't the way to say it. But I just wanted to say that we have a couple of alpacas and they're so easy to keep. All you need is the room really.How cold of a climate can they live in? And how often do you need to shear them?
*AlpahacaThanks
*Alpahaca(  )
*Alpahaca**Alpahahahahaca
*Alpahaca*Alpaca
*Alpahaca*"Palaco, or whatever"		~ Karl Pilkington, ages ago.
OP better learn how to knit! Crochet, actually		Edit: Watch The Emperor's New Groove, and get back to me.
He's an alpaca now.We're alpacas now.
He's an alpaca now.*alpahaca
Gotta ask you for the proof before the reddit detectives find you....http://imgur.com/4pPEZZH I'm not sure if this qualifies as proof but that's our group message where he originally sent those pictures
Your dad is totally doing acid in Peru I know an ayahuasca trip when I see one.
Your dad is cute afHe totally is 
Someone get this person to the top!  I caan't upvote her anymore captain.... We need more users!
May we all experience joy on this blessed day.I hope you have a great day, friendo. :)
I JUST had a meltdown exactly like that, only it was about manly men doing their little girls hair. Pls send helpI think [this sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/happycryingdads/top/) is perfect meltdown material for you. Thats what you meant, right?
Huh, I really enjoyed that. Didn't really know I liked sloths so much either.You might enjoy this :) 		https://youtu.be/I3xhIoqSKg4 
	Totally charming.		However, thats a powerful maternal instinct she is misidentifying. When has a baby those feeling will be transferred in a heart beat.Yep. She may be the one experiencing it, but she has no idea what it actually means. Good thing she has you to set her straight.
I have just taken up knitting again after a long hiatus and if I keep it up, I'm going to finally treat myself to some alpaca yarn.It's really nice and I've found it can be cheaper than wool! Unfortunately I've also found that I'm allergic to alpaca :( Other fibres are okay for me though so that's fine, you win some you lose some.
i thought they couldn't really bite because they only have bottom teeth?Been bitten by an alpaca can confirm that it doesn't hurt at all. They can kick though.
You sound like a lucky person.Make your own luck, friendo.
Trump sign in the background. That is one High Energy alpaca. Alpaca centipede if you will.  They do have similar haircuts to be fair
Trump sign in the background. That is one High Energy alpaca. Alpaca centipede if you will.  It's genius. Nobody will steal or destroy it in fear of the nimble Alpacas.
Trump sign in the background. That is one High Energy alpaca. Alpaca centipede if you will.  Make this Alpaca Pen Great Again!
Alpaca my bags and meet with you shortly!Beware, there's rumors around of the alpacalypse in Peru!
Have you hugged your alpacas lately?Mine were neglected before we got them so they're not as huggable. That's a good way to catch them though!
Have you hugged your alpacas lately?Some of them bite and spit.  		Source: I have been bitten and spit on by alpacas for looking at them the wrong way.
It's because that's how the dad spelled it in the image above. That's why people are correcting the alpaca spelling. 		And how would I get an alpaca? I have the room. I don't see any on Amazon.com though. You have to buy an alpaca egg. You can't get full grown alpacas obama on anymore. Not since the incident in Arizona. 		On amazon. Not obama on. Jeez
It's because that's how the dad spelled it in the image above. That's why people are correcting the alpaca spelling. 		And how would I get an alpaca? I have the room. I don't see any on Amazon.com though. We got ours from Craigslist whenever we lived in Phoenix Arizona. Otherwise there are farms all over the country (US) 
How cold of a climate can they live in? And how often do you need to shear them?They get shorn once a year and when I was in Washington state many people had them		Edit: we shear them at the end of spring so they're not too hot in the summer. We live in southeast texas now
What about shearing them? I have sheep and they're a pain in the ass to shear, would gladly trade youIf we didn't only have 2 I'd take that trade. To be honest our alpaca are so much more difficult to shear than our sheep. They spit and kick. How do you shear your sheep?
ThanksTahanks
**Alpahahahahaca***Alpalolca
Crochet, actually		Edit: Watch The Emperor's New Groove, and get back to me.Uh, you can definitely knit alpaca wool...
We're alpacas now.We are ALL alpacas on this blessed day
We're alpacas now.#ALPAHACA VISOR
We're alpacas now.Back in my day we would've had this alpaca delivered already
We're alpacas now.Alpaca 76 reporting for duty!
http://imgur.com/4pPEZZH I'm not sure if this qualifies as proof but that's our group message where he originally sent those picturesOP you need to post a whole thread on the adventures of Dimitri. This is your duty now. This is your destiny.
http://imgur.com/4pPEZZH I'm not sure if this qualifies as proof but that's our group message where he originally sent those pictures[deleted]
I know an ayahuasca trip when I see one.It's actually spelled *alpaca
I hope you have a great day, friendo. :)You too pal
I hope you have a great day, friendo. :)I want to be friendo too
You might enjoy this :) 		https://youtu.be/I3xhIoqSKg4 Sure did, thanks!
>alpaca yarn		This hurts the alpaca :(Yeah, I'm still in constant pain since my last haircut.
>alpaca yarn		This hurts the alpaca :(No it doesn't. They'd be really sad with all the wool during summer.
>alpaca yarn		This hurts the alpaca :(Maybe find an alpaca with less delicate feelings. 
Make your own luck, friendo.Yea give your neighbors some alpacas
Beware, there's rumors around of the alpacalypse in Peru!That'd be the most adorable way to end the world.
Ahhhh, that would make sense, was he on his way to Machu Picchu? I'm planning a hiking trip up there next year! 		I've been to Ingapirca in Ecuador and it was truly beautiful, but nothing rivals the hidden beauty of Machu Picchu. I can't wait to hike for a couple days just to come out of the brush and see a city built hundreds of years ago...Yup he's going to Machu Picchu soon, he's actually on his way to Lake Titicaca at the moment. Overall though it seems like he's absolutely in love with the country :)
This is just a social media post. Wholesome memes should still be memes and not just vacation photos. Describing the photos in a caption above it isn't a meme if your just describing what's going on. That's just a Facebook status essentially.		Edit: just cause y'all like a post it doesn't mean you have to ignore the reality of it. Looks like we got a real memeologist here
Mine were neglected before we got them so they're not as huggable. That's a good way to catch them though!I'm sure they appreciate you, even though they don't let you hug. 
Some of them bite and spit.  		Source: I have been bitten and spit on by alpacas for looking at them the wrong way.I've heard that Llamas make better pets than Alpacas because of their temperaments. Has anyone found that to be true? I met a lady in Pigeon Forge who wove with llama fur, and she said that the downy fur underneath the guard hairs are just as soft as Alpaca. But I don't know if they'd be as pleasant to keep. :) 
You have to buy an alpaca egg. You can't get full grown alpacas obama on anymore. Not since the incident in Arizona. 		On amazon. Not obama on. JeezThanks Obama 
We got ours from Craigslist whenever we lived in Phoenix Arizona. Otherwise there are farms all over the country (US) Isn't there somewhere not as sketchy as Craigslist?
If we didn't only have 2 I'd take that trade. To be honest our alpaca are so much more difficult to shear than our sheep. They spit and kick. How do you shear your sheep?I use a trimming stand because my wife and daughter aren't of much help aside from standing around and laughing at me catch them. Our sheep are BIG hardy Arabian sheep. Not the kind you see at the county fair getting sheared in seconds. I have seven of them and lucky if I can get them all done in a month. I've called 4H, I've offered up to 50 bucks a head for someone to come out and do it, but I don't have enough apparently for anyone to be bothered with it. Aside from that they require VERY little maintenance. Yea, forget an alpaca then. I've been looking at miniature cattle actually. I just need pasture management.
TahanksTomHankS
Uh, you can definitely knit alpaca wool...You sound like a knit picker.
We are ALL alpacas on this blessed daySpeak for yourself.
We are ALL alpacas on this blessed daySo that's it, huh? Were some sort of alpaca?
#ALPAHACA VISORI didn't start this grass, but I'm damn sure gonna finish it 
OP you need to post a whole thread on the adventures of Dimitri. This is your duty now. This is your destiny.Please don't. I like it when we know little enough for the person to be completely anonymous. Once we learn more about dad there'll be some drama until it comes out that he's a perpetrator of llama genocide in pursuit of the ber camelid. Just let this one stay pure. 
OP you need to post a whole thread on the adventures of Dimitri. This is your duty now. This is your destiny.*Op pls* 
OP you need to post a whole thread on the adventures of Dimitri. This is your duty now. This is your destiny.Yeah I would definitely follow a page dedicated to his dad encountering various fuzzy animals. 
We have the same name! I'm proud to share it with that man lolYour name is dad?
We have the same name! I'm proud to share it with that man lolUsername does not check out...
I want to be friendo tooI'll be your friendo!
I'm sure they appreciate you, even though they don't let you hug. I don't know why, but I literally cried when I read your comment. I think finals are killing me.
I've heard that Llamas make better pets than Alpacas because of their temperaments. Has anyone found that to be true? I met a lady in Pigeon Forge who wove with llama fur, and she said that the downy fur underneath the guard hairs are just as soft as Alpaca. But I don't know if they'd be as pleasant to keep. :) In my, admittedly limited, experience, alpacas are much less more aggressive, at least up front, than llamas.		Source: went to Peru super psyched to meet some llama and got upset when the alpaca were way cooler animals. 
Thanks Obama I'm gonna leave it, cause it wasn't even close. 
Thanks Obama Thanks Alpaca 
Isn't there somewhere not as sketchy as Craigslist?Craigslist imo gets a bad rap. We got most of our animals through Craigslist. 
Isn't there somewhere not as sketchy as Craigslist?Check through your local feed store.
Grown alpacas or the eggs? The fact that nobody has directly addressed the egg part is starting to convince me that Alpaca actually come from eggs. I think I need to work on my confidence.
I live in an apartment in a city but this is still so cool to me lol.  What do they eat?Same stuff as sheep i think. A giy near me has a big ol shaggo one that looks after his sheep. 
I use a trimming stand because my wife and daughter aren't of much help aside from standing around and laughing at me catch them. Our sheep are BIG hardy Arabian sheep. Not the kind you see at the county fair getting sheared in seconds. I have seven of them and lucky if I can get them all done in a month. I've called 4H, I've offered up to 50 bucks a head for someone to come out and do it, but I don't have enough apparently for anyone to be bothered with it. Aside from that they require VERY little maintenance. Yea, forget an alpaca then. I've been looking at miniature cattle actually. I just need pasture management.Are you in Texas? I'd be willing to help you out 
TomHankS[Otm Shank](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B9EZXV3Gt4)
Speak for yourself.I am ALL alpacas on this blessed day 
Speak for yourself.Dolt
I didn't start this grass, but I'm damn sure gonna finish it Back in my day we'd have this grass finished by now!
Please don't. I like it when we know little enough for the person to be completely anonymous. Once we learn more about dad there'll be some drama until it comes out that he's a perpetrator of llama genocide in pursuit of the ber camelid. Just let this one stay pure. Or worse, dad has an unopened safe
Please don't. I like it when we know little enough for the person to be completely anonymous. Once we learn more about dad there'll be some drama until it comes out that he's a perpetrator of llama genocide in pursuit of the ber camelid. Just let this one stay pure. > ber camelid		lmao
*Op pls* r/DimiTrek
I don't know why, but I literally cried when I read your comment. I think finals are killing me.Oof, maybe get off Reddit and take a nap?  Good luck!  You're gonna do great!
In my, admittedly limited, experience, alpacas are much less more aggressive, at least up front, than llamas.		Source: went to Peru super psyched to meet some llama and got upset when the alpaca were way cooler animals. > alpacas are much less more aggressive		Sorry but what do you mean by this? I really don't understand. :/ Are they more aggressive or less aggressive than llamas?
I'm gonna leave it, cause it wasn't even close. Thank you for leaving it. I'm three hours late and had a good chuckle
I am ALL alpacas on this blessed day Alpaca farms are the fool's fig leaf
DoltGOOD point
Back in my day we'd have this grass finished by now!This old alpaca has learned few tricks.
Oof, maybe get off Reddit and take a nap?  Good luck!  You're gonna do great!God, this subreddit is the best. It lifts my mood every time I visit it (which is particularly awesome because a lot of what I see on reddit makes me sad or angry)
Oof, maybe get off Reddit and take a nap?  Good luck!  You're gonna do great!On the bright side, if any part of Reddit is capable of easing the pain of finals, r/wholesomememes is it. u/Langston_huge has chosen wisely.		Also, Langston, Bridgetine is right. You've got this, and you'll do great. <3
> alpacas are much less more aggressive		Sorry but what do you mean by this? I really don't understand. :/ Are they more aggressive or less aggressive than llamas?Lmao sorry. Funny enough I reread my comment and thought it made no sense and then reread it again and was like "no yeah that's fine."		Alpacas are much less aggressive than llamas. Sorry. 
