It's not often Cyanide&Happiness makes wholesomecomics, but remember sometimes this goes for you too That must be the Happiness part 
It's not often Cyanide&Happiness makes wholesomecomics, but remember sometimes this goes for you too Cyanide and happiness have a couple of wholesome comics. They throw you off your loop if you're reading them all one after another. 
It's not often Cyanide&Happiness makes wholesomecomics, but remember sometimes this goes for you too https://imgur.com/gallery/am3zV
It's not often Cyanide&Happiness makes wholesomecomics, but remember sometimes this goes for you too I feel like this meme and post are a special kind of inception
It's not often Cyanide&Happiness makes wholesomecomics, but remember sometimes this goes for you too <3
It's not often Cyanide&Happiness makes wholesomecomics, but remember sometimes this goes for you too I'm glad that dating apps have helped to boost his self esteem, and realize how awesome he already was to begin with. What a time to be alive!
It's not often Cyanide&Happiness makes wholesomecomics, but remember sometimes this goes for you too > sexy singleS		Doesn't make sense; there should at least be two.
It's not often Cyanide&Happiness makes wholesomecomics, but remember sometimes this goes for you too [source](http://explosm.net/comics/3335/)
That must be the Happiness part [removed]
Cyanide and happiness have a couple of wholesome comics. They throw you off your loop if you're reading them all one after another. Don't follow them tho, or you'll suddenly be caught balls-deep in depressing comic week x
Cyanide and happiness have a couple of wholesome comics. They throw you off your loop if you're reading them all one after another. I like wholesome comics 
https://imgur.com/gallery/am3zVThat show is a carbon copy of Malcolm in the middle. 		That child is actually an adult. 
> sexy singleS		Doesn't make sense; there should at least be two.Your mind and your body!
> sexy singleS		Doesn't make sense; there should at least be two.Me, myself and I
> sexy singleS		Doesn't make sense; there should at least be two.Maybe they missed the apostrophe. *Sexy Single's (Sexy Single is) in your area!*
> sexy singleS		Doesn't make sense; there should at least be two.A computers doesn't understand plurals. Plurals work differently in different human languages. It's all very confusing for us. I mean them. 
[removed][removed]
[removed]That is rather unwholesome, friendo. Just know that if you need someone to talk to we're here. Feel free to PM me and we can talk <3		 Thinkin' 'bout ya!
Don't follow them tho, or you'll suddenly be caught balls-deep in depressing comic week xMan, the depressing comic week always hits like a ton of bricks. The soldier at the bar one is still the one that gets me most, though... 
Don't follow them tho, or you'll suddenly be caught balls-deep in depressing comic week xToo late 
I like wholesome comics I like that you're embracing Unicode emotions 	
That show is a carbon copy of Malcolm in the middle. 		That child is actually an adult. I only glanced at it, so I didn't realize it wasn't Malcom in the Middle until you said something. What show is this?
That show is a carbon copy of Malcolm in the middle. 		That child is actually an adult. God forbid they make another sitcom about a dysfunctional blue collar family. Let's watch "Sexy New York Singles" #104 instead. Or maybe "Wealthy White Family" #32?
Your mind and your body!My member & my hand! 
Me, myself and I Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
A computers doesn't understand plurals. Plurals work differently in different human languages. It's all very confusing for us. I mean them. /r/totallynotrobots 
[removed][removed]
That is rather unwholesome, friendo. Just know that if you need someone to talk to we're here. Feel free to PM me and we can talk <3		 Thinkin' 'bout ya!I don't need cyanide.		You're all so awesome you take my breath away already.
That is rather unwholesome, friendo. Just know that if you need someone to talk to we're here. Feel free to PM me and we can talk <3		 Thinkin' 'bout ya!I love the lovely comments here but I have really hard time to believe they are sincere. I wish they were, I always had this plan of having a "discussion group" that meets exact hour, exact day of the week to have chat, in person or online.		I tried that with my own friends but they were always "Sure mate I'll be there!" and bailed out..		I sometimes just want to sit down and talk, not like meeting or hanging out, no personal issues or anything because all my friends were about depressive personal problems which in the end weren't real issues.		I have no close friends nowadays and I am happy with that. I know people, I meet people.		I don't even know why I started typing this comment.. I am in a car with my dad, hanging with him, quite happy day. Love this sub, love you guys.
That is rather unwholesome, friendo. Just know that if you need someone to talk to we're here. Feel free to PM me and we can talk <3		 Thinkin' 'bout ya!I wish upvotes were hugs and I could give you a thousand of them!
Man, the depressing comic week always hits like a ton of bricks. The soldier at the bar one is still the one that gets me most, though... Please share.
Man, the depressing comic week always hits like a ton of bricks. The soldier at the bar one is still the one that gets me most, though... The autistic toddler one...dear god.  I actively avoid Depressing Comic Week, because theyre so powerful.
I like that you're embracing Unicode emotions 	Unicode is such an awesome standard. I love how everything is unified!
I only glanced at it, so I didn't realize it wasn't Malcom in the Middle until you said something. What show is this?The show pictured is The Middle. 
God forbid they make another sitcom about a dysfunctional blue collar family. Let's watch "Sexy New York Singles" #104 instead. Or maybe "Wealthy White Family" #32?I'm dying for Wealthy Black Family with Screwy Nephew #2 myself.
 Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.Sausage and potatoes 
I don't need cyanide.		You're all so awesome you take my breath away already.I just like the smell of almonds! 
I don't need cyanide.		You're all so awesome you take my breath away already.You're a good person and your comment made me smile
I love the lovely comments here but I have really hard time to believe they are sincere. I wish they were, I always had this plan of having a "discussion group" that meets exact hour, exact day of the week to have chat, in person or online.		I tried that with my own friends but they were always "Sure mate I'll be there!" and bailed out..		I sometimes just want to sit down and talk, not like meeting or hanging out, no personal issues or anything because all my friends were about depressive personal problems which in the end weren't real issues.		I have no close friends nowadays and I am happy with that. I know people, I meet people.		I don't even know why I started typing this comment.. I am in a car with my dad, hanging with him, quite happy day. Love this sub, love you guys.I'm a 40 year old mum. I don't say stuff that I don't mean, because life is too short. When I say positive things in this sub, if you see my name, then you can be assured that I mean what I say, and if you ever need reassurance that I am being authentic, then I can provide it! 
I love the lovely comments here but I have really hard time to believe they are sincere. I wish they were, I always had this plan of having a "discussion group" that meets exact hour, exact day of the week to have chat, in person or online.		I tried that with my own friends but they were always "Sure mate I'll be there!" and bailed out..		I sometimes just want to sit down and talk, not like meeting or hanging out, no personal issues or anything because all my friends were about depressive personal problems which in the end weren't real issues.		I have no close friends nowadays and I am happy with that. I know people, I meet people.		I don't even know why I started typing this comment.. I am in a car with my dad, hanging with him, quite happy day. Love this sub, love you guys.Well if it helps, My comment was sincere. I don't "act" as though this is a sincere subreddit, I believe it is. Though it originally stems from ironic positivity, I feel it's transcended that and become genuinely positive. It's been helping me through a very depressive time of my life and that's all the proof I need to feel like it's a real place with real people sharing real love.		Stay strong, brother, and cherish these moments with your Dad. You're very special to him <3
Please share.It's the opposite of this sub though! I don't want to make anyone cry from being sad in such a happy place. Also, I don't know where it is. 		Edit: Here it is, with a proper unhappiness warning: http://files.explosm.net/comics/Kris/dcw10pt1.png  
The show pictured is The Middle. They didn't even try
I'm dying for Wealthy Black Family with Screwy Nephew #2 myself.The nephew is from East Philadelphia 
Sausage and potatoes And my axe!
I just like the smell of almonds! I'm allergic to almonds, so even if it wasn't cyanide I'd still die. Yay!
It's the opposite of this sub though! I don't want to make anyone cry from being sad in such a happy place. Also, I don't know where it is. 		Edit: Here it is, with a proper unhappiness warning: http://files.explosm.net/comics/Kris/dcw10pt1.png  Oh fuck that hit hard, hadn't seen it before.
It's the opposite of this sub though! I don't want to make anyone cry from being sad in such a happy place. Also, I don't know where it is. 		Edit: Here it is, with a proper unhappiness warning: http://files.explosm.net/comics/Kris/dcw10pt1.png  [I'll share this compensate](https://youtu.be/93wISpm1ZIk)
It's the opposite of this sub though! I don't want to make anyone cry from being sad in such a happy place. Also, I don't know where it is. 		Edit: Here it is, with a proper unhappiness warning: http://files.explosm.net/comics/Kris/dcw10pt1.png  The first time I heard some standup say that the drinking age is 18 while the enlisting age is 16, I couldn't wrap my head around that for a while.		Thanks for sharing though. Got a sad chuckle out of me.
I might regret this, but please share.["Enjoy."](http://explosm.net/comics/4130/)
The nephew is from East Philadelphia In East Philadelphia birthed and brought up!  	At the schoolyard's where I'd hang out with my chums!
[I'll share this compensate](https://youtu.be/93wISpm1ZIk)I couldn't tell that whole time if I should be terrified or entertained...
The first time I heard some standup say that the drinking age is 18 while the enlisting age is 16, I couldn't wrap my head around that for a while.		Thanks for sharing though. Got a sad chuckle out of me.Actually in the US the drinking age is 21.
["Enjoy."](http://explosm.net/comics/4130/)That's not very depressing, as it reminds us that everyone is capable of caring and wants to express it, even if they are unable to do so through no fault of their own.
I couldn't tell that whole time if I should be terrified or entertained...You should be terrified of how entertaining it is
Actually in the US the drinking age is 21.And the enlisting age is 18, yes?
That's not very depressing, as it reminds us that everyone is capable of caring and wants to express it, even if they are unable to do so through no fault of their own.Except that theyre both clearly struggling and frustrated with a situation that's ongoing and they don't know how to fix. That's pretty damned sad.
And the enlisting age is 18, yes?It's 17 with parental consent, 18 without. At 18 you have to sign up for the draft as well.		Interestingly enough in Canada you can join at 16 with parental consent.
