That smile.Looks like they make each other very happy :)
That smile.Incredible, just look at that guy and how happy he is :) The face of a truly happy man
That smile.I am so happy I have discovered this sub. So many sweet wholesome memes. I get confused at first when I see them still because I'm like wait this isn't blackpeopletwitter or imgoingtohell why is it so nice. 
That smile.Elderly people can be the cutest and most wholesome people out there. That's why I'm so thankful for my grandparents! :)
That smile.My grandpa died yesterday. This picture made me so happy. Thank you stranger's grandpa, for being so cute with your dog. 
That smile.This has made me so happy
That smile.I foster dogs, and people always ask me how I can possibly get attached to them and then give them up.		This.  This is why.  The first time you do an adoption and see someone light up with their new dog, it's so completely worth it.  And then you get to save another dog and make another person or family happy.
That smile.May they have many years together!
That smile.Grandpapa bless
That smile.That's a good dog, Bront. 
That smile.This is what I imagine John Wick will look like in his retirement days.
That smile.Good Pupper 
That smile.That second picture has me tearing up :*)
That smile.I miss my grandmother.
That smile.What a sweet old man
That smile.I was having a good day and this post made it better.
That smile.This is really sweet, but it's not really a meme. May be better suited for r/MadeMeSmile
That smile.Man, I am having a less than stellar day and this is wholesome as fuck. Cheered me up a bit. Thanks. 
That smile.This isn't a meme though. It's just /r/awww material
Welcome /r/all! Just a quick reminder to read our subreddit rules and if you are new check out this friendly place, and maybe **subscribe** to get more friendly content! This is one of the few truly nice places on the Internet, and I hope you enjoy your stay. :)		You can also follow our official Twitter here: https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes			I also want to point out that we are sincere, and in no way are we trolling. We are just actually nice people who want a community to express this niceness without people hating on us. It is 100% serious, and not ironic. If you have any questions, please feel free to PM the mods here. I really appreciate the effort you're putting in to foster the growth of a positive community.
Looks like they make each other very happy :)And, in turn, they make all of reddit very happy.
Looks like they make each other very happy :)This is like Pee-Paw and the hamburgers but in reverse.  
Incredible, just look at that guy and how happy he is :) The face of a truly happy manI'm glad the pupper makes him happy
Incredible, just look at that guy and how happy he is :) The face of a truly happy manSeriously. I'm like, giddy over how happy he is. :)
Incredible, just look at that guy and how happy he is :) The face of a truly happy manpupper looks pretty happy too.
I am so happy I have discovered this sub. So many sweet wholesome memes. I get confused at first when I see them still because I'm like wait this isn't blackpeopletwitter or imgoingtohell why is it so nice. It messes me up too, when I see this sub it's more of a pleasant surprise really.
I am so happy I have discovered this sub. So many sweet wholesome memes. I get confused at first when I see them still because I'm like wait this isn't blackpeopletwitter or imgoingtohell why is it so nice. This might be one of my favorite subs because I'm not a very positive person sometimes and it helps me think and feel a lot more positively!
I am so happy I have discovered this sub. So many sweet wholesome memes. I get confused at first when I see them still because I'm like wait this isn't blackpeopletwitter or imgoingtohell why is it so nice. We are so used to cynical humor that seeing sincerely nice posts is kind of unexpected, also part of the appeal of the sub and definitely a good addition to all our lives. This should be a default sub.
I am so happy I have discovered this sub. So many sweet wholesome memes. I get confused at first when I see them still because I'm like wait this isn't blackpeopletwitter or imgoingtohell why is it so nice. I'm so proud of Reddit for making this sub popular. Usually the stuff that gets popular is people getting hurt and stuff, but this is just pure feelgood stuff and it makes people happy
I am so happy I have discovered this sub. So many sweet wholesome memes. I get confused at first when I see them still because I'm like wait this isn't blackpeopletwitter or imgoingtohell why is it so nice. I sometimes wonder if posts like op posted are allowed because the only things I see are memes that are ironically trying to be funny by making then wholesome. It's nice to see something actually wholesome. 
Elderly people can be the cutest and most wholesome people out there. That's why I'm so thankful for my grandparents! :)Check out /r/wholesomegrandma
My grandpa died yesterday. This picture made me so happy. Thank you stranger's grandpa, for being so cute with your dog. <3 Sorry for your loss, and I'm glad you feel happy from this meme. 
My grandpa died yesterday. This picture made me so happy. Thank you stranger's grandpa, for being so cute with your dog. I know is tough when we lose someone but just remember that as long as he remains in your thoughts he will never truly die. Hope you have a good day friend
My grandpa died yesterday. This picture made me so happy. Thank you stranger's grandpa, for being so cute with your dog. Sorry to hear :( I had lost all my grandparents and my father by the age of 32, so I know how tough it can be, especially those first few days. Just remember that even though they're no longer here, their love never dies; It will be with you forever.
My grandpa died yesterday. This picture made me so happy. Thank you stranger's grandpa, for being so cute with your dog. Sorry to hear that, friend. I lost my grandfather a few months ago and it still hurts a little. :( 
I foster dogs, and people always ask me how I can possibly get attached to them and then give them up.		This.  This is why.  The first time you do an adoption and see someone light up with their new dog, it's so completely worth it.  And then you get to save another dog and make another person or family happy.my roommate fostered a dog recently and she ended being such a great pupper that she decided to fully adopt her.
That's a good dog, Bront. vvv good pupper n vvv good gramper
This is really sweet, but it's not really a meme. May be better suited for r/MadeMeSmile95% of the top posts aren't memes, but I personally don't mind as long as they're wholesome 
This is really sweet, but it's not really a meme. May be better suited for r/MadeMeSmileThere's some discussion about if submissions need to be true memes, and I think most of us here think as long as it's uplifting it's ok! 
This is really sweet, but it's not really a meme. May be better suited for r/MadeMeSmileI think the format fits it into the meme category acceptably.	And it would be a shame to lose stuff like this post from the sub
THIS ISN'T A MEMEI hope you can appreciate it anyways, friend. :)
I really appreciate the effort you're putting in to foster the growth of a positive community.I appreciate you. :) 
And, in turn, they make all of reddit very happy.It's happiness all the way down. 
This is like Pee-Paw and the hamburgers but in reverse.  Paw Paw 
It messes me up too, when I see this sub it's more of a pleasant surprise really.Only thing that could fuck this up is:		a) Trolls ruining our wholesomeness		b) Mods deciding we're not wholesome enough and permabanning people for minor offenses
It messes me up too, when I see this sub it's more of a pleasant surprise really.What a world we live in when were messed up by genuinely good things.
This might be one of my favorite subs because I'm not a very positive person sometimes and it helps me think and feel a lot more positively!Positive thinking will change your life. It used to bug me when people wouldn't reciprocate my kindness, but I don't care. I feel good about it. Gonna keep doing nice things forever. 
This might be one of my favorite subs because I'm not a very positive person sometimes and it helps me think and feel a lot more positively!So I used to have this problem. What I am going to say may sound dumb, but it really helped me out. 		One time I read a book called The Happiness Advantage. One of the tips to bring happier was to write down three good things every day. I thought it was bs, tried it, was bs.		Here is the thing though. Happiness is an internal system of perception. Which means it's a habit you can learn. 		So I stuck it out again. For months. Every day. A lot of the things were silly. Some were legit big moments for me. I still have notebooks filled with these notes to myself. 		It took probably three months of this before I noticed a difference. I still do it, and I know it helps me be more content with my life. 		Anyway give it a try. You may not be surprised.
This might be one of my favorite subs because I'm not a very positive person sometimes and it helps me think and feel a lot more positively!> I'm not a very positive person		ditto.  it's one of the reasons i subscribe to /r/pokemon, even though i haven't ever been a particular fan of the game, and could barely tell you anything about it.  but the people in there are just so positive and enthusiastic, it cheers me up.
[removed][removed]
Check out /r/wholesomegrandmaor r/forwardsfromgrandma for the opposite
my roommate fostered a dog recently and she ended being such a great pupper that she decided to fully adopt her.They call animals that get adopted by their foster family 'failed fosters,' which has to be one of my very favorite things in the world
95% of the top posts aren't memes, but I personally don't mind as long as they're wholesome You're right friend, everyone is here for a good time let's not nitpick.  
I hope you're only thinking of holding her hand and respecting her.Only the most wholesome of intentions
It's happiness all the way down. Trickle down happiness
It's happiness all the way down. Now someone just needs to get a turtle
Only thing that could fuck this up is:		a) Trolls ruining our wholesomeness		b) Mods deciding we're not wholesome enough and permabanning people for minor offensesbut lets not focus on the negatives, this sub is great, today is great and you my friend are great.
Only thing that could fuck this up is:		a) Trolls ruining our wholesomeness		b) Mods deciding we're not wholesome enough and permabanning people for minor offensesDon't worry, us mods are actually surprisingly wholesome ourselves. We love feedback too, so if you have any suggestions for the sub, let us know! 
[removed][removed]
or r/forwardsfromgrandma for the oppositeFW: FW: FW: Barack HUSSEIN Obama convicted of treason and deported to African prison!			P.S. Papaw is with the Lord now LOL     
They call animals that get adopted by their foster family 'failed fosters,' which has to be one of my very favorite things in the worldBest failure I've ever heard of. 
You're right friend, everyone is here for a good time let's not nitpick.  At the end of the day, I'm just trying to get happy. 
The more you try to grow this community, the worse it's going to get until it eventually becomes like the rest of this site. Be careful what you wish for. Stay positive, my friend! If we all do our share, we can keep this a happy place together! 
The more you try to grow this community, the worse it's going to get until it eventually becomes like the rest of this site. Be careful what you wish for. No way friend!  Together we can all spread the happy. Join us!		EDIT: You're being downvoted to hell, but I'm tossing you an upvote because I hope you'll come over to the bright side. 
Trickle down happinessExcept it's less like a golden shower
but lets not focus on the negatives, this sub is great, today is great and you my friend are great.It's cloudy where I am today and this makes me happy :)
but lets not focus on the negatives, this sub is great, today is great and you my friend are great.Honestly this sub just embodies the philosophy of Mr.Rogers and I love it.
Don't worry, us mods are actually surprisingly wholesome ourselves. We love feedback too, so if you have any suggestions for the sub, let us know! [I have a gift for you mods] (http://static1.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11127/111275401/5143408-6790206207-b9c68.jpg) 
Don't worry, us mods are actually surprisingly wholesome ourselves. We love feedback too, so if you have any suggestions for the sub, let us know! MODS=not gods because that would be  unrealistic but rather wholesome and good people with great vibes and a passion for this subreddit and the community within it
[removed][removed]
FW: FW: FW: Barack HUSSEIN Obama convicted of treason and deported to African prison!			P.S. Papaw is with the Lord now LOL     Lots of Love
At the end of the day, I'm just trying to get happy. Me too. Have a great day. 
 All I got was a mirthless chuckle. Let me tell you something about chuckles. I know so many people that know a lot about chuckles. And these are very smart, very trustworthy people. And they all say the same thing. I've got the best chuckles. Always have. This trickle-down trickle plan is going to do great things. 
It's cloudy where I am today and this makes me happy :)We had a little snow storm that lasted all of 5 minutes this morning. It was pretty without any accumulation. I enjoyed that a lot. 
[I have a gift for you mods] (http://static1.comicvine.com/uploads/original/11127/111275401/5143408-6790206207-b9c68.jpg) Hi. :-|
MODS=not gods because that would be  unrealistic but rather wholesome and good people with great vibes and a passion for this subreddit and the community within itExactly. We are just people who want to help make the world a bit better. Do not think we are of any "rank" that is higher than you, or that we should be treated differently. 
Me too. Have a great day. You too!
We had a little snow storm that lasted all of 5 minutes this morning. It was pretty without any accumulation. I enjoyed that a lot. It snowed a little bit in Philly on my way home from work last night.  It was so pretty! :-)
We had a little snow storm that lasted all of 5 minutes this morning. It was pretty without any accumulation. I enjoyed that a lot. make a snowman!  
make a snowman!  he said there was no accumulation, but using our imagination is just as fun :) 
\>:|:)
:)	     	#BAM!    	    	You  have been visited  by u/Hooman_Super  updoot in 60 seconds  and be gifted  by wholesome  emojis   for the rest of your life 
	     	#BAM!    	    	You  have been visited  by u/Hooman_Super  updoot in 60 seconds  and be gifted  by wholesome  emojis   for the rest of your life lol don't push it
	     	#BAM!    	    	You  have been visited  by u/Hooman_Super  updoot in 60 seconds  and be gifted  by wholesome  emojis   for the rest of your life yo get the updoots
