Natalie did a great job!I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)
Natalie did a great job!He is really nice he visited my college to congratulate people who passed their cooking course and tried some of the food.
Natalie did a great job!I love Gordon Ramsay on a personal level. I'm going to copy [my post from a few years back](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1nbryx/gordon_ramsay_builds_up_a_blind_chefs_confidence/ccha29v/) to explain why:		*I love Chef Ramsay. My, at the time, 15yo brother looked up to him. Regarded him so highly. He spent $100 of his own pocket money to attend a food festival Ramsay had flown down to here in Australia. He paid another $20 to get his signature, then informed Chef Ramsay that coming to see him was his birthday present that he saved up all year for himself and he wanted to be like him. Chef put down his pen, said "We can't leave a chef go without presents!". He then gave my brother a copy of his cookbooks, all signed, a set of knives, a chefs hat and apron and took many photos with him. My littlest brother was so proud of that day and since then, I have thought nothing but good things of Ramsay. He really is an awesome guy that has been demonized as a bad one because of the character he portrays on TV.*		My brother is now leading a team of chefs at a hotel in Hong Kong and doing mighty well for himself. I've no doubt Chef Ramsay is partly responsible for this		
Natalie did a great job!I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. 
Natalie did a great job!Gordon is definitely on the top of my list over people I would like to have a beer or dinner with.	
Natalie did a great job!Yes, it indeed looks delicious!
Natalie did a great job!A cat who hates Mondays would probably agree.
Natalie did a great job!That's not lasagne that's my daughter!
Natalie did a great job!Lasagna is really tasty. I'd like to learn to make some one day. 
Natalie did a great job!I am not sure how scripted Kitchen Nightmares was, but I always recall fondly the one where Gordon empowers this waiter who was in his 70's, maybe older, to bring back his specialty-flambes! Not quite as popular as they once were, but Gordon felt it was something that was unique and could be a strength. 		I think that show was a good example of how you can work with what you have, try to elevate a few things, cut out the people who are unwilling to learn or change for the better, and you end up with a restaurant that is unique, has some soul and can be profitable. 
Natalie did a great job!Good job Natalie!
Natalie did a great job!This sub is showing up regularly on the front page		I must say it's great to see such a positive environment become liked by so many!
Natalie did a great job!I know this is r/wholesomememes, but it's still so alien to me to see this sort of Twitter screenshot without it being some sort of abstract meme or dirty joke
Natalie did a great job!Gordon Ramsay being a sweetheart is one of my favourite things in the world
Natalie did a great job!God damn now I want lasagna. Luckily I'm Italian and always have the stuff to make it. 
Natalie did a great job![deleted]
Natalie did a great job!That lasagna looks crisp
Natalie did a great job!I'm am hungry I want some L A S A G A
Natalie did a great job!	Hey /u/ProSain,			This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Welcome /r/all! Just a quick reminder to read our subreddit rules and if you are new check out this friendly place, and maybe **subscribe** to get more friendly content! This is one of the few truly nice places on the Internet, and I hope you enjoy your stay. :)		You can also follow our official Twitter here: https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes			I also want to point out that we are sincere, and in no way are we trolling. We are just actually nice people who want a community to express this niceness without people hating on us. It is 100% serious, and not ironic. If you have any questions, please feel free to PM the mods here. This subreddit is so pure.  It makes me happy :) 
Welcome /r/all! Just a quick reminder to read our subreddit rules and if you are new check out this friendly place, and maybe **subscribe** to get more friendly content! This is one of the few truly nice places on the Internet, and I hope you enjoy your stay. :)		You can also follow our official Twitter here: https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes			I also want to point out that we are sincere, and in no way are we trolling. We are just actually nice people who want a community to express this niceness without people hating on us. It is 100% serious, and not ironic. If you have any questions, please feel free to PM the mods here. I luv this sub. Thanks!
Welcome /r/all! Just a quick reminder to read our subreddit rules and if you are new check out this friendly place, and maybe **subscribe** to get more friendly content! This is one of the few truly nice places on the Internet, and I hope you enjoy your stay. :)		You can also follow our official Twitter here: https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes			I also want to point out that we are sincere, and in no way are we trolling. We are just actually nice people who want a community to express this niceness without people hating on us. It is 100% serious, and not ironic. If you have any questions, please feel free to PM the mods here. Thanks!
Welcome /r/all! Just a quick reminder to read our subreddit rules and if you are new check out this friendly place, and maybe **subscribe** to get more friendly content! This is one of the few truly nice places on the Internet, and I hope you enjoy your stay. :)		You can also follow our official Twitter here: https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes			I also want to point out that we are sincere, and in no way are we trolling. We are just actually nice people who want a community to express this niceness without people hating on us. It is 100% serious, and not ironic. If you have any questions, please feel free to PM the mods here. Thanks to all the mods for their hard work!
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)He posts videos on his Youtube Channel where he cooks with his kids, very wholesome :D
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)He's only a jerk to chefs who are professionals and think they're perfect. On the shows where he works with amateur chefs who actually want to learn, he's really nice.
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)I remember this episode from the UK version, where he visits some soul food restaurant in London and from the first bite he is just under a spell: you can clearly see this is some of the best he's ever had and just really feel bad for the owner not to have success because her food is 10/10 and she cooks it with a passion and high quality. Excellent episode, really think it reflects the true Gordon.
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)Part of it is how his American shows are edited and scripted. But even then, [he can be very supportive.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIGXboHpge0)
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)Probably one of the nicest celebrities I've met. Was in vegas and he happened to be there for the UFC fights, he came to his burger restaurant we were eating at and after talking to the chefs he let everyone shake his hand and take pictures with him and was cracking jokes. Great dude.
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)Watch his UK shows instead, completely different guy and way less dramatic and scripted.
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)On Masterchef Junior it's clear that even when a kid has made a terrible dish, he makes sure his criticism is gentle and constructive because the *last* thing he wants is for any of these kids who have incredible potential to get discouraged and stop cooking. 
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)I've never worked with Gordon personally, however I've heard from some reliable sources that he isn't really what he's edited out to be. 		Don't get it wrong, he is a Chef. And ALL proper chefs are direct and to the point when they are working. There is now "It would be great if you handed me that knife so I can cut this piece of chicken or fish". or "Golly, i do believe you might have made this a bit too salty".. Typically things said in as little words as possible, because of the high speed of operation of a busy restaurant. 
I'm glad to see that Gordon Ramsay is a great guy outside of his TV persona :)He's more of a mean guy for TV, brings in views.
He is really nice he visited my college to congratulate people who passed their cooking course and tried some of the food.living the dream - travelling around and making people happy by eating their food
He is really nice he visited my college to congratulate people who passed their cooking course and tried some of the food.Bastard just wanted a free meal.
He is really nice he visited my college to congratulate people who passed their cooking course and tried some of the food.[Gordon Ramsey also knows how to treat women :\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syRQ7iShpzY)		
I love Gordon Ramsay on a personal level. I'm going to copy [my post from a few years back](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1nbryx/gordon_ramsay_builds_up_a_blind_chefs_confidence/ccha29v/) to explain why:		*I love Chef Ramsay. My, at the time, 15yo brother looked up to him. Regarded him so highly. He spent $100 of his own pocket money to attend a food festival Ramsay had flown down to here in Australia. He paid another $20 to get his signature, then informed Chef Ramsay that coming to see him was his birthday present that he saved up all year for himself and he wanted to be like him. Chef put down his pen, said "We can't leave a chef go without presents!". He then gave my brother a copy of his cookbooks, all signed, a set of knives, a chefs hat and apron and took many photos with him. My littlest brother was so proud of that day and since then, I have thought nothing but good things of Ramsay. He really is an awesome guy that has been demonized as a bad one because of the character he portrays on TV.*		My brother is now leading a team of chefs at a hotel in Hong Kong and doing mighty well for himself. I've no doubt Chef Ramsay is partly responsible for this		He should message Ramsey again. He might like to know that his investment had some effect.
I love Gordon Ramsay on a personal level. I'm going to copy [my post from a few years back](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1nbryx/gordon_ramsay_builds_up_a_blind_chefs_confidence/ccha29v/) to explain why:		*I love Chef Ramsay. My, at the time, 15yo brother looked up to him. Regarded him so highly. He spent $100 of his own pocket money to attend a food festival Ramsay had flown down to here in Australia. He paid another $20 to get his signature, then informed Chef Ramsay that coming to see him was his birthday present that he saved up all year for himself and he wanted to be like him. Chef put down his pen, said "We can't leave a chef go without presents!". He then gave my brother a copy of his cookbooks, all signed, a set of knives, a chefs hat and apron and took many photos with him. My littlest brother was so proud of that day and since then, I have thought nothing but good things of Ramsay. He really is an awesome guy that has been demonized as a bad one because of the character he portrays on TV.*		My brother is now leading a team of chefs at a hotel in Hong Kong and doing mighty well for himself. I've no doubt Chef Ramsay is partly responsible for this		That is a great story.		Also, I couldn't help but picture Chef Ramsay as Gilderoy Lockhart with the signed cookbooks.
I love Gordon Ramsay on a personal level. I'm going to copy [my post from a few years back](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1nbryx/gordon_ramsay_builds_up_a_blind_chefs_confidence/ccha29v/) to explain why:		*I love Chef Ramsay. My, at the time, 15yo brother looked up to him. Regarded him so highly. He spent $100 of his own pocket money to attend a food festival Ramsay had flown down to here in Australia. He paid another $20 to get his signature, then informed Chef Ramsay that coming to see him was his birthday present that he saved up all year for himself and he wanted to be like him. Chef put down his pen, said "We can't leave a chef go without presents!". He then gave my brother a copy of his cookbooks, all signed, a set of knives, a chefs hat and apron and took many photos with him. My littlest brother was so proud of that day and since then, I have thought nothing but good things of Ramsay. He really is an awesome guy that has been demonized as a bad one because of the character he portrays on TV.*		My brother is now leading a team of chefs at a hotel in Hong Kong and doing mighty well for himself. I've no doubt Chef Ramsay is partly responsible for this		Brought a tear to my eye. He's always seemed like a genuine guy.  
I love Gordon Ramsay on a personal level. I'm going to copy [my post from a few years back](https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1nbryx/gordon_ramsay_builds_up_a_blind_chefs_confidence/ccha29v/) to explain why:		*I love Chef Ramsay. My, at the time, 15yo brother looked up to him. Regarded him so highly. He spent $100 of his own pocket money to attend a food festival Ramsay had flown down to here in Australia. He paid another $20 to get his signature, then informed Chef Ramsay that coming to see him was his birthday present that he saved up all year for himself and he wanted to be like him. Chef put down his pen, said "We can't leave a chef go without presents!". He then gave my brother a copy of his cookbooks, all signed, a set of knives, a chefs hat and apron and took many photos with him. My littlest brother was so proud of that day and since then, I have thought nothing but good things of Ramsay. He really is an awesome guy that has been demonized as a bad one because of the character he portrays on TV.*		My brother is now leading a team of chefs at a hotel in Hong Kong and doing mighty well for himself. I've no doubt Chef Ramsay is partly responsible for this		paging /u/_Gordon_Ramsay!
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. I don't watch Gordon personally, but I think MasterChef Junior is pretty close for your expectations. 
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. Sounds a bit like "The Joy of Painting," but with food.		"Now, over here, we're gonna have a happy little ramekin of garlic butter, to dip the cracked lobster into. If your garlic butter comes out a little more butter and a little less garlic, and you like it that way, there's nothing wrong with that at all."		*soft piano interlude*
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. > I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment		This was basically The Great British Bake Off, although they did get critiqued on their product.
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. I believe the F word was something like that, actually. At least from what little I saw of it.
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. [Have you seen this clip?](https://youtu.be/eOipaGDSBTQ) For context, the chef he's talking to is blind.
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. Heavens kitchen?
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. **WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?!?!?!**		**IT LOOKS FUCKING AMAZING! GREAT FUCKING JOB! YOU ARE VERY TALENTED AND HAVE A GREAT CAREER IN FRONT OF YOU AS A CHEF!** 
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. >Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." 		This made me laugh! Thanks! 	
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. > lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us)		LOL
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. Have you ever seen The Great British Bake Off? Its pretty much exactly what you described.
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. So Bob Ross-Ramsey
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. This subreddit trips me out in a good way...like it doesn't make sense that it exists on the Internet.  10/10 would subscribe again.
I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment. Gordon could deliver scathing quips like "if this filet were any more raw, well then by golly that'd be ok too because the only true mistakes in the kitchen are the ones we don't learn from." Over the course of a some-holds-barred, low pressure culinary faceoff lasting 40 minutes (or more if you need it, these things happen to the best of us), the contestants will discover that sometimes the sweetest dish of all is friendship. But don't forget that food that's too raw can be a health hazard!
Gordon is definitely on the top of my list over people I would like to have a beer or dinner with.	I'd love to get Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain together in a pub for wings and whiskey.
Gordon is definitely on the top of my list over people I would like to have a beer or dinner with.	Same, I really want to meet him one day
Yes, it indeed looks delicious!I'm also proud of Natalie. 
That's not lasagne that's my daughter!Don't talk to me or my lasagna ever again 
That's not lasagne that's my daughter![Source](http://imgur.com/HxUl4ls)
That's not lasagne that's my daughter!http://imgur.com/gallery/XS5LK
Lasagna is really tasty. I'd like to learn to make some one day. If you don't know how to cook, lasagna is actually pretty easy! Takes a bit of prep but nothing too crazy
Lasagna is really tasty. I'd like to learn to make some one day. It's actually pretty simple, people just like to make it complicated :) 
I am not sure how scripted Kitchen Nightmares was, but I always recall fondly the one where Gordon empowers this waiter who was in his 70's, maybe older, to bring back his specialty-flambes! Not quite as popular as they once were, but Gordon felt it was something that was unique and could be a strength. 		I think that show was a good example of how you can work with what you have, try to elevate a few things, cut out the people who are unwilling to learn or change for the better, and you end up with a restaurant that is unique, has some soul and can be profitable. [deleted]
I am not sure how scripted Kitchen Nightmares was, but I always recall fondly the one where Gordon empowers this waiter who was in his 70's, maybe older, to bring back his specialty-flambes! Not quite as popular as they once were, but Gordon felt it was something that was unique and could be a strength. 		I think that show was a good example of how you can work with what you have, try to elevate a few things, cut out the people who are unwilling to learn or change for the better, and you end up with a restaurant that is unique, has some soul and can be profitable. Yeah Gordon is always willing to try to get you to improve it seems like, and he isn't as harsh with kids as he is with adults. With kids he encourages them not to give up and that they can be a chef some day. I saw one video where he cheers up a crying girl saying her food was fine and everything was alright.
God damn now I want lasagna. Luckily I'm Italian and always have the stuff to make it. Why do Italians always bring up that they are Italian?
|It is 100 serious and not ironic 		We believe you :) Thanks, I just wanted to make sure, as a lot of people think this place is a joke. 
No thanksNo problem, thanks for stopping by! 
[removed][removed]
He posts videos on his Youtube Channel where he cooks with his kids, very wholesome :DThose are from his 2013/2014 series, Gordon Ramsay's Home Cooking. In that one, every episode has a theme and he teaches you how to cook a dish of that theme for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 		Another great one he has is his Ultimate Cookery Course. He teaches a lot more basic skills over all here. How to properly dice things, what kind of cookware you need that is bare minimum, he even goes into how to select ingredients and all the different types there are and their uses. E.g. Peppercorns or chocolate. He really goes more into detail here about techniques and smart kitchen practices, encouraging people to be adventurous, whereas the home cooking is mostly about keeping it simple and showing that it isn't hard to make amazing food at home and keep it stress free.		Both are fantastic and combined with some input from my mother basically taught me everything I know about cooking. Also very relaxing to watch in your spare time even when not thinking about meals.
He's only a jerk to chefs who are professionals and think they're perfect. On the shows where he works with amateur chefs who actually want to learn, he's really nice.There's no anger from Ramsay, only disappointment when he meets a chef who just struggles with cooking. 
He's only a jerk to chefs who are professionals and think they're perfect. On the shows where he works with amateur chefs who actually want to learn, he's really nice.Watch Master Chef Junior (it's the kids version). There's a lot of wholesome moments in there. And those kids put anything I can cook to shame, too, so it's pretty humbling. 		[Here's a bit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_H1-UhPm2A) where they needed to do whipped cream, and that supposedly doesn't fall out of the bowl when you flip it upside down.
I remember this episode from the UK version, where he visits some soul food restaurant in London and from the first bite he is just under a spell: you can clearly see this is some of the best he's ever had and just really feel bad for the owner not to have success because her food is 10/10 and she cooks it with a passion and high quality. Excellent episode, really think it reflects the true Gordon.He took one look at the decor and owner, sighed, then looked at the food, and sighed, saying "This plate looks really sloppy and there's too much on it." Then he started eating, and really loved the food.		He mostly got the owner to trust her cook more, then fixed up the menu so she could be profitable, did a little advertising, and it was all gravy. With extra gravy. And biscuits. With some ribs and mac and cheese.		Dammit, now I'm hungry.
I remember this episode from the UK version, where he visits some soul food restaurant in London and from the first bite he is just under a spell: you can clearly see this is some of the best he's ever had and just really feel bad for the owner not to have success because her food is 10/10 and she cooks it with a passion and high quality. Excellent episode, really think it reflects the true Gordon.Episode in question https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAUIV1B6cpM
Part of it is how his American shows are edited and scripted. But even then, [he can be very supportive.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIGXboHpge0)That music though, Jesus Christ.
Part of it is how his American shows are edited and scripted. But even then, [he can be very supportive.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIGXboHpge0)ALL of it is how his American shows are edited and scripted.  The F Word and Kitchen Nightmares (UK) are INCREDIBLY different and far better.
Part of it is how his American shows are edited and scripted. But even then, [he can be very supportive.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIGXboHpge0)The American shows are edited to hell and back, there's no denying that, but to be fair he did get his reputation from his work on UK TV in totally unscripted environments. At the beginning of his rise to fame, there was a BBC miniseries called 'Boiling Point' that followed him and his staff at his flagship restaurant in London as they did a week of service at the time of the Michelin inspections.		It was right after he'd opened his first restaurant, his father had died, his brother was in rehab (again) and I believe he'd just had a kid. So to put it mildly, he was under some pretty inhuman stress. And then the AC went out in the restaurant and they did service with the kitchen topping 130F. [And then this happened](https://youtu.be/p1X11aLACso?t=2m56s)
Part of it is how his American shows are edited and scripted. But even then, [he can be very supportive.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIGXboHpge0)Im not gonna lie, i teared up
He typed 3 words; you're easily impressed :PHe could've typed three other words and get a different impression, like: "You fucking donkey"
living the dream - travelling around and making people happy by eating their foodYeah a think he has a scholarship that gets young cooks coming out of college and mentors them.
Bastard just wanted a free meal.that doesn't seem very wholesome to me 
[Gordon Ramsey also knows how to treat women :\)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syRQ7iShpzY)		Oh my!		Also, I loved the tiny part where he's crying. That's a pretty well made video
He should message Ramsey again. He might like to know that his investment had some effect.That's a great idea! I'll pass it on :)		EDIT: 26/12 - No update. Haven't spoken to him since this post and waiting for him to touch down. Will bring it up tomorrow.		EDIT 2: 28/12 - Suggested it to him over dinner. He liked the idea. Unfortunately he doesn't have social media so he's going to track down an email address of either him or his manager if he has one. If anything comes out of it, I'll provide a future update.
That is a great story.		Also, I couldn't help but picture Chef Ramsay as Gilderoy Lockhart with the signed cookbooks.Except Ramsay has actually done everything his books claim he has ;)
You don't really get to see it a whole lot on Hell's Kitchen, but in Kitchen Nightmares you often get a glimpse of his good side.  Hard to tell how much is reality TV bullshit, but I definitely get the impression he's a really cool bloke.It's even more apparent in the British version of Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares because there isn't the Fox-level of reality TV editing.
I don't watch Gordon personally, but I think MasterChef Junior is pretty close for your expectations. I love that show. Watching him deliver the criticisms in a really nice way while also explaining how they did well makes me smile. He has a great way with kids.
I don't watch Gordon personally, but I think MasterChef Junior is pretty close for your expectations. Even normal MasterChef is miles away from the screaming Gordon Ramsay you see on Hell's Kitchen. I saw an interview with him recently and he explained that MC contestants are all amateurs, so mistakes are to be expected. He tends towards a balance of praise and criticism. However, every chef on HK is a professional chef so mistakes aren't tolerated, and those who can't handle the pressure are culled from the group.
I don't watch Gordon personally, but I think MasterChef Junior is pretty close for your expectations. I had a friend who was on masterchef junior and she said it was a lovely experience
I don't watch Gordon personally, but I think MasterChef Junior is pretty close for your expectations. MasterChef Australia also has that vibe, in my opinion. Really enjoy watching that version! 
I don't watch Gordon personally, but I think MasterChef Junior is pretty close for your expectations. This sounds great actually I'll have to check it out 
I don't watch Gordon personally, but I think MasterChef Junior is pretty close for your expectations. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRoRKmELj-c
Sounds a bit like "The Joy of Painting," but with food.		"Now, over here, we're gonna have a happy little ramekin of garlic butter, to dip the cracked lobster into. If your garlic butter comes out a little more butter and a little less garlic, and you like it that way, there's nothing wrong with that at all."		*soft piano interlude*Honestly though, when the ingredients are garlic and butter there's no way to go wrong
Sounds a bit like "The Joy of Painting," but with food.		"Now, over here, we're gonna have a happy little ramekin of garlic butter, to dip the cracked lobster into. If your garlic butter comes out a little more butter and a little less garlic, and you like it that way, there's nothing wrong with that at all."		*soft piano interlude*Foodwishes.com my friend, it's *exactly* this. I like to watch it before bed it's so soothing.		"Now, if you want to add a bit more than I have here, you go right ahead. You are the master of your destiny. And by master, I mean chef. And by destiny, I mean this tart." "Now I recommend a good sharp cheddar for this dish, but you can use any cheese you like. As long as it's sharp... and cheddar." 
> I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment		This was basically The Great British Bake Off, although they did get critiqued on their product.Isn't the difference between the American version and British version of Gordon Ramsey's hell's kitchen is that Gordon goes to restaurants that just need some help adjusting their approach in how they run the restaurant and that their food may actually be really good and theshow is less edited to be sensationalized while the American version is just a shitshow of crappy sensationalised editing and the people who are running the restaurant are complete idiots.
> I would love to see Gordon Ramsey do a spin-off show called Wholesome Kitchen, where everyone just tries their best and has fun cooking in a supportive environment		This was basically The Great British Bake Off, although they did get critiqued on their product.I fucking love GBBO, actually. You're right that's basically what I described 
I believe the F word was something like that, actually. At least from what little I saw of it.Is the F word Friendship?? 
[Have you seen this clip?](https://youtu.be/eOipaGDSBTQ) For context, the chef he's talking to is blind.I'm actually crying right now because of that. Thank you.
I'm also proud of Natalie. Natalie is definitely going places, it takes a lot of skill and coordination to cook.
Don't talk to me or my lasagna ever again Please do* talk to me or my lasagna again!
Don't talk to me or my lasagna ever again We're all lasagna on this blessed day!
If you don't know how to cook, lasagna is actually pretty easy! Takes a bit of prep but nothing too crazyWoah, you're like some kinda rapper.
Why do Italians always bring up that they are Italian?When in reality they are a quarter Italian.  
Why do Italians always bring up that they are Italian?Because I'm Italian
Why do Italians always bring up that they are Italian?[removed]
Honestly, if you really watch one of his shows, you can still see that he's a nice guy. He gets really angry when he sees smart people make stupid mistakes, but it's clear that it's just because he genuinely wants everybody to succeed and make the best food they can.I don't think he is angry at the people, he is angry they aren't showing their true potential.
Thanks, I just wanted to make sure, as a lot of people think this place is a joke. >a lot of people think this place is a joke.		While I think it is sad that people would think this is a joke place, I do respect their opinion to think that. I do like that there are nice places to go and comment. I always smile when I type something nice (you cant help but too) and it makes me feel good. Have a good night :)
Those are from his 2013/2014 series, Gordon Ramsay's Home Cooking. In that one, every episode has a theme and he teaches you how to cook a dish of that theme for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 		Another great one he has is his Ultimate Cookery Course. He teaches a lot more basic skills over all here. How to properly dice things, what kind of cookware you need that is bare minimum, he even goes into how to select ingredients and all the different types there are and their uses. E.g. Peppercorns or chocolate. He really goes more into detail here about techniques and smart kitchen practices, encouraging people to be adventurous, whereas the home cooking is mostly about keeping it simple and showing that it isn't hard to make amazing food at home and keep it stress free.		Both are fantastic and combined with some input from my mother basically taught me everything I know about cooking. Also very relaxing to watch in your spare time even when not thinking about meals.[It's not just food he can teach you](https://youtu.be/ZIesCd4I4hU) 
Those are from his 2013/2014 series, Gordon Ramsay's Home Cooking. In that one, every episode has a theme and he teaches you how to cook a dish of that theme for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 		Another great one he has is his Ultimate Cookery Course. He teaches a lot more basic skills over all here. How to properly dice things, what kind of cookware you need that is bare minimum, he even goes into how to select ingredients and all the different types there are and their uses. E.g. Peppercorns or chocolate. He really goes more into detail here about techniques and smart kitchen practices, encouraging people to be adventurous, whereas the home cooking is mostly about keeping it simple and showing that it isn't hard to make amazing food at home and keep it stress free.		Both are fantastic and combined with some input from my mother basically taught me everything I know about cooking. Also very relaxing to watch in your spare time even when not thinking about meals.Check out Alton Brown. He's the Bill Nye of the cooking world, will teach you all sorts of neat stuff.
There's no anger from Ramsay, only disappointment when he meets a chef who just struggles with cooking. Restaurant owner: my food is perfect. He just doesn't know how to cook...Etc	Gordon: THEN WHY ARE YOU EVEN REQUESTING MY HELP \*insert roast comment here* sandwich!
Watch Master Chef Junior (it's the kids version). There's a lot of wholesome moments in there. And those kids put anything I can cook to shame, too, so it's pretty humbling. 		[Here's a bit](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_H1-UhPm2A) where they needed to do whipped cream, and that supposedly doesn't fall out of the bowl when you flip it upside down.All these "junior" versions of TV shows just remind me of how mediocrely average I am.
You should watch his first TV series Boiling Point from the 90s. He is not nice to his amateur chefs on that show lol.he was much younger then. also was under incredible stress. nobody is perfect but the truly good people are the ones who work to improve themselves over time, which he certainly has. he actually has interviewed about that show and referred to himself as a monster, so he's definitely grown out of it. 
He took one look at the decor and owner, sighed, then looked at the food, and sighed, saying "This plate looks really sloppy and there's too much on it." Then he started eating, and really loved the food.		He mostly got the owner to trust her cook more, then fixed up the menu so she could be profitable, did a little advertising, and it was all gravy. With extra gravy. And biscuits. With some ribs and mac and cheese.		Dammit, now I'm hungry.It was the only time he ever cleaned his plate, it's an awesome clip on YouTube 
Episode in question https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAUIV1B6cpMThat's actually the "revisited" episode. Here is the original one he's talking about:		https://youtu.be/VuYLjxmaNBE
That music though, Jesus Christ.The reason why I prefer Kitchen Nightmares UK to the US version is because in the UK version there is none of that obnoxious music. Also the voiceovers are all done by Gordon himself from what I remember, and are much calmer than the US narrator.
ALL of it is how his American shows are edited and scripted.  The F Word and Kitchen Nightmares (UK) are INCREDIBLY different and far better.He does get angry in the UK Kitchen nightmares, but in a "I'm angry because I care about you" sort of way.
The American shows are edited to hell and back, there's no denying that, but to be fair he did get his reputation from his work on UK TV in totally unscripted environments. At the beginning of his rise to fame, there was a BBC miniseries called 'Boiling Point' that followed him and his staff at his flagship restaurant in London as they did a week of service at the time of the Michelin inspections.		It was right after he'd opened his first restaurant, his father had died, his brother was in rehab (again) and I believe he'd just had a kid. So to put it mildly, he was under some pretty inhuman stress. And then the AC went out in the restaurant and they did service with the kitchen topping 130F. [And then this happened](https://youtu.be/p1X11aLACso?t=2m56s)Such a dick. Christ. 		Even with context. 
And much more boring. Cooking shows don't have to be (nor should they really be) edge-of-your-seat drama 
And much more boring. This is why you Americans get dumbed down shows
that doesn't seem very wholesome to me Bastard just wanted a free meal :)
that doesn't seem very wholesome to me I'm sure it was all in good fun :)
that doesn't seem very wholesome to me It's a joke, lighten up :]
That's a great idea! I'll pass it on :)		EDIT: 26/12 - No update. Haven't spoken to him since this post and waiting for him to touch down. Will bring it up tomorrow.		EDIT 2: 28/12 - Suggested it to him over dinner. He liked the idea. Unfortunately he doesn't have social media so he's going to track down an email address of either him or his manager if he has one. If anything comes out of it, I'll provide a future update.Oh man, I want updates on this, so much wholesome potential. 		RemindMe! One week
I love that show. Watching him deliver the criticisms in a really nice way while also explaining how they did well makes me smile. He has a great way with kids.He does have ~~three~~ four of them, so it makes sense.		You should watch his home cooking show, it's all on YT. He cooks in his own kitchen at home with his kids, and it's based on quick and easy recipes that you'll have time to make even on a hectic weekday.		Edit: totally forgot he has three girls, not two.
I love that show. Watching him deliver the criticisms in a really nice way while also explaining how they did well makes me smile. He has a great way with kids.That last one really struck me as well, so nice around them :) the only reason for me not to watch it was how competitive many of kids are, goes to show how much that is a part of our culture
I love that show. Watching him deliver the criticisms in a really nice way while also explaining how they did well makes me smile. He has a great way with kids.People know Gordon Ramsay as some sort of asshole chef on TV, but I think he's a genuinely nice person 95% of the time.
Even normal MasterChef is miles away from the screaming Gordon Ramsay you see on Hell's Kitchen. I saw an interview with him recently and he explained that MC contestants are all amateurs, so mistakes are to be expected. He tends towards a balance of praise and criticism. However, every chef on HK is a professional chef so mistakes aren't tolerated, and those who can't handle the pressure are culled from the group.The thing with HK is, it's SO freakin' dramatic now.  I loved the first few seasons where there wasn't so much damned drama.  I watched the first 5 or 6 seasons religiously then just started falling off where I'd watch some seasons and not others.  I watched last season and the whole time thinking "Why?"  This season, the first 2 episodes and i was like "I'm done".  I won't be back.  I loved the old way they did it where the finale was broken up into 2 episodes where the first part was them designing their half of the restaurant and they could choose a great menu theme and all that.  Now it's just all sandwiched into one episode and none of the creativity comes through.		Kitchen Nightmares was sort of the same thing.  I loved it at the start but it just became super hyped up drama.  The Kitchen Nightmares (UK) is by FAR superior in every way imaginable and it looks like an entirely different show.  I rewatch those all the time too.
Even normal MasterChef is miles away from the screaming Gordon Ramsay you see on Hell's Kitchen. I saw an interview with him recently and he explained that MC contestants are all amateurs, so mistakes are to be expected. He tends towards a balance of praise and criticism. However, every chef on HK is a professional chef so mistakes aren't tolerated, and those who can't handle the pressure are culled from the group.To paraphrase TVtropes' page on him, he gets so irate on HK because the contestants should god damn jolly well know better than to do whatever it was that set him off.
MasterChef Australia also has that vibe, in my opinion. Really enjoy watching that version! I noticed the same thing, my mom watches a lot of cooking shows including the american masterchef where everyone seems so mean and competitive, I remember how refreshing Masterchef Australia was when everybody hugged when one left and how they praised each other, it was really nice.		Now I know it's because of how TV works and that few americans are actually like that, I love you too you yanks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRoRKmELj-c>[**Gordon Ramsay Owns Kid on MasterChef Junior [0:23]**](http://youtu.be/IRoRKmELj-c)		>>You've seen Gordon Ramsay tear apart contestants on MasterChef. Now watch him do the same on MasterChef Junior. He doesn't hold back even in the presence of children. He owns this kid by thrashing him on his terrible dish.		> [*^Kwality ^Kontrol*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQwall7eZLedRIEgEXFn84g) ^in ^Comedy		>*^1,790,453 ^views ^since ^Nov ^2014*		[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
Honestly though, when the ingredients are garlic and butter there's no way to go wrongWrong. 		My husband said to me over thanksgiving, "I think this roast has too much garlic," and so now I'm getting a divorce. 
Foodwishes.com my friend, it's *exactly* this. I like to watch it before bed it's so soothing.		"Now, if you want to add a bit more than I have here, you go right ahead. You are the master of your destiny. And by master, I mean chef. And by destiny, I mean this tart." "Now I recommend a good sharp cheddar for this dish, but you can use any cheese you like. As long as it's sharp... and cheddar." Def just read that in Chef John's goofy up-ticking vocal style.
Isn't the difference between the American version and British version of Gordon Ramsey's hell's kitchen is that Gordon goes to restaurants that just need some help adjusting their approach in how they run the restaurant and that their food may actually be really good and theshow is less edited to be sensationalized while the American version is just a shitshow of crappy sensationalised editing and the people who are running the restaurant are complete idiots.Kitchen Nightmares. But yeah.
Isn't the difference between the American version and British version of Gordon Ramsey's hell's kitchen is that Gordon goes to restaurants that just need some help adjusting their approach in how they run the restaurant and that their food may actually be really good and theshow is less edited to be sensationalized while the American version is just a shitshow of crappy sensationalised editing and the people who are running the restaurant are complete idiots.That may have something to do with how restaurants are allowed to be run in the different countries though. 
I fucking love GBBO, actually. You're right that's basically what I described Man, GBBO is great. I'm not even really into baking but I just love how they made a competition show with a really friendly overall tone and pretty much zero drama.
I fucking love GBBO, actually. You're right that's basically what I described I love it because it's very friendly and fun to watch, but they still do give scathing reviews sometimes.  However their scathing reviews are more along the lines of 'hmm it is a bit dry' - like oh damn Mary Berry, you savage!!
Is the F word Friendship?? F is for friends who do stuff together!
Is the F word Friendship?? The F Word stands for Food.
When in reality they are a quarter Italian.  As a quarter Italian, have I mentioned I'm a purebred Italian to you lately?
[removed]Hey, stereotypes and generalizations aren't very wholesome. :[
[It's not just food he can teach you](https://youtu.be/ZIesCd4I4hU) First time I actually lol'd on reddit
Check out Alton Brown. He's the Bill Nye of the cooking world, will teach you all sorts of neat stuff.good eats is so disgustingly early 2000s but it's still really informative and i love it
Restaurant owner: my food is perfect. He just doesn't know how to cook...Etc	Gordon: THEN WHY ARE YOU EVEN REQUESTING MY HELP \*insert roast comment here* sandwich!Gawd how many times have I heard this on Kitchen Nightmares. Remember the restaurant owner in Texas I think who thought he was the best there was? He and Ramsay got into heated arguments like nose-to-nose. The guy raised his own beef and claimed he used it in his restaurant but as it turns out, he didn't. He bought all the meat. The guy was a tool and his restaurant closed.
All these "junior" versions of TV shows just remind me of how mediocrely average I am.I'm sure there are things you are extraordinarily good at - and even if those things do not have their own television shows, they set you apart all the same.
The reason why I prefer Kitchen Nightmares UK to the US version is because in the UK version there is none of that obnoxious music. Also the voiceovers are all done by Gordon himself from what I remember, and are much calmer than the US narrator.One of the few US shows I think we actually did worse in Britain is Pimp My Ride. Most of the shit is just far too dramatic, like you're saying. Geordie Shore is embarrassing too.
The reason why I prefer Kitchen Nightmares UK to the US version is because in the UK version there is none of that obnoxious music. Also the voiceovers are all done by Gordon himself from what I remember, and are much calmer than the US narrator.And no interviews and forced drama. At least, if there is forced drama it's really subtle.
Such a dick. Christ. 		Even with context. He knows. He said in a later interview that he can't watch boiling point because he knows that he was, in his words, 'a monster.'		By all accounts, though, he's a genuinely decent person. Hell, that entire kitchen brigade that he was screaming at followed him to his new restaurant when he quit his previous job. And he made sure the restaurant was closed two days a week so that everyone got real time off and wasn't burning themselves out.
Bastard just wanted a free meal :)see, that's better! 
Oh man, I want updates on this, so much wholesome potential. 		RemindMe! One weekI always think "nothing can put me in a good mood today" until I visit one of this sub's comment sections.
Oh man, I want updates on this, so much wholesome potential. 		RemindMe! One weekI will be messaging you on [**2016-12-26 00:18:27 UTC**](http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2016-12-26 00:18:27 UTC To Local Time) to remind you of [**this link.**](https://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/comments/5j21xn/natalie_did_a_great_job/dbd12bn)		[**157 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK**](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=[https://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/comments/5j21xn/natalie_did_a_great_job/dbd12bn]%0A%0ARemindMe!  One week) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam.		^(Parent commenter can ) [^(delete this message to hide from others.)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete Comment&message=Delete! dbd12mt)		_____		|[^(FAQs)](http://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info/)|[^(Custom)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=[LINK INSIDE SQUARE BRACKETS else default to FAQs]%0A%0ANOTE: Don't forget to add the time options after the command.%0A%0ARemindMe!)|[^(Your Reminders)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List Of Reminders&message=MyReminders!)|[^(Feedback)](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBotWrangler&subject=Feedback)|[^(Code)](https://github.com/SIlver--/remindmebot-reddit)|[^(Browser Extensions)](https://np.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions/)	|-|-|-|-|-|-|
Oh man, I want updates on this, so much wholesome potential. 		RemindMe! One weekSo the remindme happened and no updates it seems :(
He does have ~~three~~ four of them, so it makes sense.		You should watch his home cooking show, it's all on YT. He cooks in his own kitchen at home with his kids, and it's based on quick and easy recipes that you'll have time to make even on a hectic weekday.		Edit: totally forgot he has three girls, not two.Awesome, I'll look into it. I have a deep respect for the man and have never had one of his recipes go wrong.
He does have ~~three~~ four of them, so it makes sense.		You should watch his home cooking show, it's all on YT. He cooks in his own kitchen at home with his kids, and it's based on quick and easy recipes that you'll have time to make even on a hectic weekday.		Edit: totally forgot he has three girls, not two.He's so likeable on The F Word too. I don't enjoy cooking shows, for the most part, but I love Ramsey, and it's nice to see him be himself and not the lunatic he's forced to be for ratings. It was especially fun seeing him lose a challenge to a guy who made the most disgusting looking bread pudding ever. 
He does have ~~three~~ four of them, so it makes sense.		You should watch his home cooking show, it's all on YT. He cooks in his own kitchen at home with his kids, and it's based on quick and easy recipes that you'll have time to make even on a hectic weekday.		Edit: totally forgot he has three girls, not two.A lot of him getting angry is just for tv. In reality he seems like a pretty good person. His behavior is completely different on the UK version of kitchen nightmares vs. the US version.
He does have ~~three~~ four of them, so it makes sense.		You should watch his home cooking show, it's all on YT. He cooks in his own kitchen at home with his kids, and it's based on quick and easy recipes that you'll have time to make even on a hectic weekday.		Edit: totally forgot he has three girls, not two.Thanks for the informative comment 
He does have ~~three~~ four of them, so it makes sense.		You should watch his home cooking show, it's all on YT. He cooks in his own kitchen at home with his kids, and it's based on quick and easy recipes that you'll have time to make even on a hectic weekday.		Edit: totally forgot he has three girls, not two.[My personal favorite](https://youtu.be/bwnrWzgUP2w)
He does have ~~three~~ four of them, so it makes sense.		You should watch his home cooking show, it's all on YT. He cooks in his own kitchen at home with his kids, and it's based on quick and easy recipes that you'll have time to make even on a hectic weekday.		Edit: totally forgot he has three girls, not two.Can't do that, watching cooking shows makes me way too hungry.
He does have ~~three~~ four of them, so it makes sense.		You should watch his home cooking show, it's all on YT. He cooks in his own kitchen at home with his kids, and it's based on quick and easy recipes that you'll have time to make even on a hectic weekday.		Edit: totally forgot he has three girls, not two.Lots of people have kids without being good with kids in general, and lots of people are great with kids without having any. Or you can just be both. 
That last one really struck me as well, so nice around them :) the only reason for me not to watch it was how competitive many of kids are, goes to show how much that is a part of our culture>how competitive many of kids are, goes to show how much that is a part of our culture		And there's nothing wrong with that! :-D		Competition can help some of us push to heights we might never reach without it.
People know Gordon Ramsay as some sort of asshole chef on TV, but I think he's a genuinely nice person 95% of the time.Probably because on TV he's dealing with professional chefs who shouldn't be messing up their tasks (I guess? I don't watch it). 
The thing with HK is, it's SO freakin' dramatic now.  I loved the first few seasons where there wasn't so much damned drama.  I watched the first 5 or 6 seasons religiously then just started falling off where I'd watch some seasons and not others.  I watched last season and the whole time thinking "Why?"  This season, the first 2 episodes and i was like "I'm done".  I won't be back.  I loved the old way they did it where the finale was broken up into 2 episodes where the first part was them designing their half of the restaurant and they could choose a great menu theme and all that.  Now it's just all sandwiched into one episode and none of the creativity comes through.		Kitchen Nightmares was sort of the same thing.  I loved it at the start but it just became super hyped up drama.  The Kitchen Nightmares (UK) is by FAR superior in every way imaginable and it looks like an entirely different show.  I rewatch those all the time too.I'm a huge fan of Ramsay, but this is why I'm not really a fan if HK. It's too much 'Big Brother: Cooking Edition' for me. I much prefer the straight forward style of Masterchef where the focus is more on the cooking and who can make the best dish. 
I hope you know that's an edited videoIt's masterchef not masturbate.
Wrong. 		My husband said to me over thanksgiving, "I think this roast has too much garlic," and so now I'm getting a divorce. This isn't very wholesome
Wrong. 		My husband said to me over thanksgiving, "I think this roast has too much garlic," and so now I'm getting a divorce. Delete the gym. Hit a lawyer. Facebook up
Def just read that in Chef John's goofy up-ticking vocal style.Sometimes ^I ^^get ^^^annoyed, but who can be ^mad, ^^at ^^^chef ^^^^john?
That may have something to do with how restaurants are allowed to be run in the different countries though. You're being blasted at for this opinion, but this really is partially it. There's a huge difference in atmospheres at the kind of restaurants he goes to. There are absolutely a few episodes of the UK version that almost feel like the US one, and it's because the restaurant and the people running it are much closer to what he deals with in the US. 		In the UK version he often gets places that are just kind of turned the wrong way, and desperately want Ramsay to come in and point them in the right direction. In the US he tends to go to places that aren't just 10 miles underground already, but the owners think they're doing nothing wrong and just want Ramsay to show up and give them free publicity. More often than not, they genuinely believe the only thing making their restaurant fail is lack of exposure. And most times Ramsay starts off completely calm and just wanting to help. It's when the owners lash out at Ramsay for 'not knowing what he's talking about' that Ramsay tends to lash out back. 
That may have something to do with how restaurants are allowed to be run in the different countries though. No. It really doesn't.
Man, GBBO is great. I'm not even really into baking but I just love how they made a competition show with a really friendly overall tone and pretty much zero drama.You obviously never watched the Baked Alaska episode of 2014...
F is for friends who do stuff together!U is for you and me!
Hey, stereotypes and generalizations aren't very wholesome. :[If we're being real for a moment, some Europeans don't realize how important our ancestors identities are here in the US because, for the most part, they've long been established in their locations. Most of us here are the product of immigration as early as a couple generations.		This cultural identity has helped build neighborhoods and the general advancement of peoples in this country. From an American to another American, it's often brought up and used as a bridge to build commonality. It's understood. But, obviously, if I was outside of the US and asked my nationality or where I'm from, of course I'd say I'm American. "You're not 'Irish American', you're American." Yeah, I know, but the Constitution of Ireland itself designates the term and offers its support.		There seems to be a snotty attitude towards it by some people on Reddit...I can understand why they react that way to a degree, because America often seems to be boisterous about claiming things as their own, but I think it's blown way out of proportion by some people. It doesn't help that Reddit is centered around America despite being a global platform.		I'm proud of my family's history. My father has done all the genealogical work to trace us back centuries. 
Ahah whyYou know		"My Great Grandpa fled this that or the other back in Italy in 1908 and here I am 4 generations later... . I live in New Jersey and I've never actually been to Italy but my Great Grandpas blood is enough for me to stake my claim".
First time I actually lol'd on redditCongrats, make sure it doesn't happen again. 
First time I actually lol'd on reddit[Here's another one, with Jaime Oliver this time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiEjs7deHL4).
good eats is so disgustingly early 2000s but it's still really informative and i love ithttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfDNi1aEljAQ17mUrfUjkvg/videos he has a youtube channel and does content for various outlets too.
Gawd how many times have I heard this on Kitchen Nightmares. Remember the restaurant owner in Texas I think who thought he was the best there was? He and Ramsay got into heated arguments like nose-to-nose. The guy raised his own beef and claimed he used it in his restaurant but as it turns out, he didn't. He bought all the meat. The guy was a tool and his restaurant closed.Isn't that the one where he served frozen fish as "fresh catch of the day"?
One of the few US shows I think we actually did worse in Britain is Pimp My Ride. Most of the shit is just far too dramatic, like you're saying. Geordie Shore is embarrassing too.British Pimp My Ride? All I can think of is mopeds with way too many  mirrors and vividly painted Reliant Robins.
They're not dumbed down though. They just have the budget to make them not suck. The Wonder Pets is a great show for you
I always think "nothing can put me in a good mood today" until I visit one of this sub's comment sections.I've been making an effort to cull out some of the more negative friends in my group for at least a few months so I can work on some aspects of my personality and man, this sub gives me hope for the future of the internet. 		*subscribes aggressively*
Awesome, I'll look into it. I have a deep respect for the man and have never had one of his recipes go wrong.> I have a deep respect for the man and **have never had one of his recipes go wrong**.		Thats not because his recipes are so great, its because you're great a making them. 
A lot of him getting angry is just for tv. In reality he seems like a pretty good person. His behavior is completely different on the UK version of kitchen nightmares vs. the US version.Also because he gets reasonably angry at adults because they are charging for a certain standard and not meeting it.
Can't do that, watching cooking shows makes me way too hungry.Cook along with them and sample your creations :)
>how competitive many of kids are, goes to show how much that is a part of our culture		And there's nothing wrong with that! :-D		Competition can help some of us push to heights we might never reach without it.But it's also nice for kids to have a childhood full of joy and the stuff children are supposed to indulge in. There's enough competition and pressure as an adult. 		Edit: I agree competition is healthy, and kids should know what loss is like, but they should also have time to enjoy themselves and discover what it is that they enjoy. It's not that kids shouldn't compete, but more that society has crammed competition down their throat whether they like it or not, in every aspect of their young lives, and it's unfortunate in a lot of ways. I grew up competing, but it was because it was what I enjoyed, not because I was desperately trying to keep up. 
Probably because on TV he's dealing with professional chefs who shouldn't be messing up their tasks (I guess? I don't watch it). A lot of time, especially Nightmares America, the chefs seem to either give no fucks, or try to fight him.  In UK he has some nice genuine, sit down moments with the chefs basically saying, "If this is what you want to do, why do you don't care?"
maybe they know, but I don't. what's edited? Is the criticism from an adult's entre and then in reality Gordon told the kid 'Better luck next time'? 		i only watched one season of masterchef junior but it definitely seems ooc for him to curse or even say 'masterbate' around the kids, so i definitely believe that its edited just to be clear. Im just curious. The footage of Ramsay is from a different show, the footage of the kid is from Masterchef Junior. They're simply edited together to look like one video. I'm unsure exactly which show the Ramsay footage is from but I would assume Masterchef.
U is for you and me!N is for anywhere and anytime at all!
If we're being real for a moment, some Europeans don't realize how important our ancestors identities are here in the US because, for the most part, they've long been established in their locations. Most of us here are the product of immigration as early as a couple generations.		This cultural identity has helped build neighborhoods and the general advancement of peoples in this country. From an American to another American, it's often brought up and used as a bridge to build commonality. It's understood. But, obviously, if I was outside of the US and asked my nationality or where I'm from, of course I'd say I'm American. "You're not 'Irish American', you're American." Yeah, I know, but the Constitution of Ireland itself designates the term and offers its support.		There seems to be a snotty attitude towards it by some people on Reddit...I can understand why they react that way to a degree, because America often seems to be boisterous about claiming things as their own, but I think it's blown way out of proportion by some people. It doesn't help that Reddit is centered around America despite being a global platform.		I'm proud of my family's history. My father has done all the genealogical work to trace us back centuries. And Americans don't understand how annoying it can be to hear certain Americans say they're a nationality (that's not American) when most of then have never been to their respective country and no nothing of what it means to be that nationality in modern times. 		I've had Americans approach me telling me they're Scottish and asking me what clan I'm from, and what my tartan is, because for some stupid reason they've tracked their heritage back to some arbitrary point when that was a thing, and they still think most Scots identify with it. When truth is they're far more likely to affiliate themselves with their city or football team. 		It's frustrating because for the most part they don't actually give a shit about the country they claim they're from, just some romantic shadow of what it used to be. They just want too feel attached to something more.  
Congrats, make sure it doesn't happen again. Nah man, we lol all we want in /r/wholesomememes
British Pimp My Ride? All I can think of is mopeds with way too many  mirrors and vividly painted Reliant Robins.I actually wouldn't mind a Mod revival. 		But yeah, it was hosted by Tim Westwood, the biggest wigger in history who talks like an absolute spastic. It's awful. Like seriously, how many mods do they think they can get into a tiny European car, the shows entire premise just crumbles. Most cars ended up leaving the garage with a paint job and new sound system. Truly gripping television.
> I have a deep respect for the man and **have never had one of his recipes go wrong**.		Thats not because his recipes are so great, its because you're great a making them. First time in this sub...  I like it here. It's warm and cozy. 
> I have a deep respect for the man and **have never had one of his recipes go wrong**.		Thats not because his recipes are so great, its because you're great a making them. I think it's both!
> I have a deep respect for the man and **have never had one of his recipes go wrong**.		Thats not because his recipes are so great, its because you're great a making them. I should say that when I follow the directions and they turn out how they're supposed to the flavors are good. He's really good at making sure the flavor profiles are good, nothing is overwhelming. That's on the recipes rather than me, the first time I make something I always follow the recipe exactly.
Also because he gets reasonably angry at adults because they are charging for a certain standard and not meeting it.Exactly, he can be extreme but realistically he is a big consumer advocate. He gets upset the most when restaurants have standards so low they put the customers in danger. 
Also because he gets reasonably angry at adults because they are charging for a certain standard and not meeting it.Yup. He's exceptionally angry on Hell's Kitchen because they are all professional chefs so he has higher expectations of them (well that and they edit the show to be more angry). During MasterChef he actually can be quite encouraging at the beginning; it's during the later rounds when he expects them to be better that he gets more angry. And he gets angry when the contestants are arrogant and refuse to take their advice. So I do think he's a great guy and probably a good mentor.
But it's also nice for kids to have a childhood full of joy and the stuff children are supposed to indulge in. There's enough competition and pressure as an adult. 		Edit: I agree competition is healthy, and kids should know what loss is like, but they should also have time to enjoy themselves and discover what it is that they enjoy. It's not that kids shouldn't compete, but more that society has crammed competition down their throat whether they like it or not, in every aspect of their young lives, and it's unfortunate in a lot of ways. I grew up competing, but it was because it was what I enjoyed, not because I was desperately trying to keep up. But they are competing in something they love. I played football for a long time and then boxed and even if some individual moments were awful, I loved my time doing it.
But it's also nice for kids to have a childhood full of joy and the stuff children are supposed to indulge in. There's enough competition and pressure as an adult. 		Edit: I agree competition is healthy, and kids should know what loss is like, but they should also have time to enjoy themselves and discover what it is that they enjoy. It's not that kids shouldn't compete, but more that society has crammed competition down their throat whether they like it or not, in every aspect of their young lives, and it's unfortunate in a lot of ways. I grew up competing, but it was because it was what I enjoyed, not because I was desperately trying to keep up. Competition itself is not bad. I grew up playing sports and think it's a fantastic thing for kids. Not every kid will act well in a win or a loss or during the game but that's not an indictment of competition. Sheltering kids and hiding them from all competition would be a HORRIBLE way to raise a child
A lot of time, especially Nightmares America, the chefs seem to either give no fucks, or try to fight him.  In UK he has some nice genuine, sit down moments with the chefs basically saying, "If this is what you want to do, why do you don't care?"In the UK show, I remember he was dealing with a 21 year old kid who ended up as a head chef. He acted more like a big brother than a bully, because the kid simply didn't know better.
N is for anywhere and anytime at all!Down here in the deep blue sea!
First time in this sub...  I like it here. It's warm and cozy. You'll enjoy your stay, I just know it! 
First time in this sub...  I like it here. It's warm and cozy. Seriously, it's decidedly lovely in here. I think I'll stay too.
First time in this sub...  I like it here. It's warm and cozy. Same here. I'm kind of scarred. As an internet "veteran" i'm waiting for the horror to appear.		Until then I'm subbing this lovely haven.
Can I pay you to reply to all my comments similarly y?No need - we'll do it for free :)
Exactly, he can be extreme but realistically he is a big consumer advocate. He gets upset the most when restaurants have standards so low they put the customers in danger. He also gets upset when his chefs are putting customers in danger.		^^it's ^^fucking ^^raw
In the UK show, I remember he was dealing with a 21 year old kid who ended up as a head chef. He acted more like a big brother than a bully, because the kid simply didn't know better.Ramsay cares about cooking and the profession. He puts so much time into it. So when someone *wants* to learn or needs to be taught, he appears to exert the effort to teach them.		So when someone claims to be a chef or of the profession, and they show no passion and lack of care for their product, he takes it personally. That's why he gets so upset. 
Down here in the deep blue sea!I like this subreddit c:
Not very different than the American one tbh. In the American one they'd put 6 TVs, a huge set of speakers, a sitting area, a bar, and a basketball court into the cars.
Not very different than the American one tbh. Xzibit made the show. Not having him would ruin it tbh
You'll enjoy your stay, I just know it! It really is such a comforting place :)!
Seriously, it's decidedly lovely in here. I think I'll stay too.I had to explain to my girlfriend that these memes aren't ironically sweet and wholesome, this is just a place where people come to be happy! It's great and decidedly refreshing. 
Same here. I'm kind of scarred. As an internet "veteran" i'm waiting for the horror to appear.		Until then I'm subbing this lovely haven.Hello, I am the "horror" you speak of.		I pretty much just upvote everyone and forcefully, yet respectfully, explain to to "the not yet happy" why it is that they have deeper potential than they could ever have known, have a wider circle of support than they could ever have guessed, & that no matter how sad anyone ever might be; 	We all value & love them so much, somewhere buried deep down is a rock solid foundation of love for one's self that we all have, this subreddit is a grand revelry in the realization of such deeper self love, post epiphany we see that love deep in others too though & cant help but love that love the way we love our own love. 		The more you have love for yourself the more you have love for others, the more love you have for others the more love they have for themselves. 		I know, not *much* of a horror, but it's all we've really got to offer 'round here. I know you're not waiting for that anymore, but you should still stay, it's real wholesome. 
He also gets upset when his chefs are putting customers in danger.		^^it's ^^fucking ^^rawYou do that again you're gonna kill someone!		Sage advice, if you ask me.
I like this subreddit c:We like *you*
In the American one they'd put 6 TVs, a huge set of speakers, a sitting area, a bar, and a basketball court into the cars.And a PlayStation 2
I had to explain to my girlfriend that these memes aren't ironically sweet and wholesome, this is just a place where people come to be happy! It's great and decidedly refreshing. I thought so too. But then I slowly realised people are here are actually nice and aren't  being nice ironically
