Wholesome lieThat's such a sweet idea! I'm not one for lying but I'm definitely gonna try something like this the next time someone meets my dogs.
Wholesome lieMe: "Oh wow, he usually runs and hides when new people come over. He must like you!"			Every date I've ever brought home: "Aww, what a sweetie!" 			Kitty cat: *headbutts incessantly, oblivious to the mischaracterisation*   
Wholesome liewhenever i see this post it makes me even more happy than the last time i saw it :) 
Wholesome lieOmfg I know the person who made that tumblr post. Their cat is really nice.
Wholesome lieThat was really nice. Thanks OP <@:)
Wholesome lieMy cat always runs and greets people. He's awesome. 		Getting my cat was the best choice ever. And the next best was taking a little bit of everyday just to play and hang out with him. 		He's a solo indoor kitty. But he's super friendly. 		I love my cat :) 
Wholesome lieThat's so sweet. I tell people my cat doesn't really like people because I want to be honest with them and I don't want them to get hurt because he can at times be extremely violent. I still love him though he's a wonderful boy. 
Wholesome lieMy dog likes literally everyone but I always tell them that it's weird how she takes a shine to certain people 
Wholesome liemy dogs a jerk, so i tell people that so when she nips at them they don't feel that bad, am i doing it right?
Wholesome lieaka a white-lie. Right? 
Wholesome liey would u lie tho
Wholesome lieJust like telling someone they're pretty when they're not.  It doesn't hurt anyone!  	  	My problem with this is that it doesn't take into consideration whether a person would want you to lie to them; it doesn't give them a choice.  It's patronizing and condescending.
This post has reached the top 100 of /r/all! Congratulations OP, and welcome new friendos!!! This is just a quick reminder for new folks to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar) Be sure to abide by **Rule 4:**		>Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		If you are new here, consider subscribing to get more friendly content! We hope you enjoy your stay. :) You can also [follow our official Twitter here.](https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes)		Its really sad how ppl on Reddit just can't be kind and you have to sticky every post that makes it to r/all. This sub is the best and I'm glad it makes it to the front page
That's such a sweet idea! I'm not one for lying but I'm definitely gonna try something like this the next time someone meets my dogs.But dogs are always so full of love :D
That's such a sweet idea! I'm not one for lying but I'm definitely gonna try something like this the next time someone meets my dogs.My dog doesn't allow ppl to touch em unless she has smelled them for an hour
That's such a sweet idea! I'm not one for lying but I'm definitely gonna try something like this the next time someone meets my dogs."Oh yeah these dogs totally don't like people. They totally aren't excited to see you! They are jumping up and down and making noise because they are terrified of you. Oh wow! A micacle! They like you"
Me: "Oh wow, he usually runs and hides when new people come over. He must like you!"			Every date I've ever brought home: "Aww, what a sweetie!" 			Kitty cat: *headbutts incessantly, oblivious to the mischaracterisation*   Is that what I've been doing wrong?!  My older cat is such a love muffin, he doesn't care who you are or what you smell like, you're gettin' rubbed on.  I always tell people he's such a sweetheart and loves everybody.  		Though maybe it's more rewarding for people when the younger one, who runs and hides under the couch, opens up to certain people in a surprisingly short time frame compared to other people.  Then he, too, starts loving on them hardcore.  		..perhaps I can use them as a one-two punch of cuteness actually..
Me: "Oh wow, he usually runs and hides when new people come over. He must like you!"			Every date I've ever brought home: "Aww, what a sweetie!" 			Kitty cat: *headbutts incessantly, oblivious to the mischaracterisation*   Purrr purrrr purrrr		Sometimes I wish dogs could purr! It makes me miss my cat.
whenever i see this post it makes me even more happy than the last time i saw it :) That's the cutest way of saying repost
Omfg I know the person who made that tumblr post. Their cat is really nice.Not usually! She must really like you!
My cat always runs and greets people. He's awesome. 		Getting my cat was the best choice ever. And the next best was taking a little bit of everyday just to play and hang out with him. 		He's a solo indoor kitty. But he's super friendly. 		I love my cat :) My kitty is a floozy too! 
That's so sweet. I tell people my cat doesn't really like people because I want to be honest with them and I don't want them to get hurt because he can at times be extremely violent. I still love him though he's a wonderful boy. >he can at times be extremely violent. I still love him though he's a wonderful boy.		Cat ownership in a nutshell.
aka a white-lie. Right? An *all*-lie
y would u lie thoThe reason is explained in the post.
I do the opposite. I say my cat loves everyone so when he rejects your attempts to give him cuddles, it's devastating. I believe you have stumbled into the wrong sub
[removed][removed]
But dogs are always so full of love :DNot one of my dogs. 	Edit: He was a rescue that was neglected by his first owner, so he takes a while to warm up to people.
But dogs are always so full of love :DI have a Valley Bulldog named Lola. She is adorable and very loving.		Then I have two Boston Terriers with mental deficiencies, but they're still very sweet.
Is that what I've been doing wrong?!  My older cat is such a love muffin, he doesn't care who you are or what you smell like, you're gettin' rubbed on.  I always tell people he's such a sweetheart and loves everybody.  		Though maybe it's more rewarding for people when the younger one, who runs and hides under the couch, opens up to certain people in a surprisingly short time frame compared to other people.  Then he, too, starts loving on them hardcore.  		..perhaps I can use them as a one-two punch of cuteness actually..Confirmed.			Me: "Oh look he must trust you now that his brother likes you." 		Visitor: "a^a^a^w^w^w!!!!" 
Is that what I've been doing wrong?!  My older cat is such a love muffin, he doesn't care who you are or what you smell like, you're gettin' rubbed on.  I always tell people he's such a sweetheart and loves everybody.  		Though maybe it's more rewarding for people when the younger one, who runs and hides under the couch, opens up to certain people in a surprisingly short time frame compared to other people.  Then he, too, starts loving on them hardcore.  		..perhaps I can use them as a one-two punch of cuteness actually..Omg I want to go to your home. No creepo. My cat is not at all cuddly 
Is that what I've been doing wrong?!  My older cat is such a love muffin, he doesn't care who you are or what you smell like, you're gettin' rubbed on.  I always tell people he's such a sweetheart and loves everybody.  		Though maybe it's more rewarding for people when the younger one, who runs and hides under the couch, opens up to certain people in a surprisingly short time frame compared to other people.  Then he, too, starts loving on them hardcore.  		..perhaps I can use them as a one-two punch of cuteness actually..I too just tell folks he does that with everyone. I am changing this from now on. It's such a harmless white lie, and I'm sure it's been done on me (with other's pets) which immediately makes me feel so special and lovey dovey towards their animal. Win-win!
Purrr purrrr purrrr		Sometimes I wish dogs could purr! It makes me miss my cat.Guinea pigs purr extremely loudly.
Purrr purrrr purrrr		Sometimes I wish dogs could purr! It makes me miss my cat.I found a cat purring video just for you: https://youtu.be/CY7t8ow2gOM
That's the cutest way of saying repostWhich is still a sin, but we forgive.
Not usually! She must really like you!This comment made me smile so wide that I just had to make you a [wholesome gif](https://gfycat.com/ColorlessRespectfulDolphin)!
Not usually! She must really like you!If someone doesn't give you gold I'll cry		Edit: We did it, r/wholesomememes! Thank you!
WE NEED DETAILSHer name is Castiel and she looks kinda like a Siamese. She is smol and fat and verr soft and she purrs a lot when she is being snurgled. 
What is the at sign in the emoticon?< this is an ordinary hat.		<@ this is a clown hat		I'm not sure what the @ sign is per se but I see it as a fancy clown hat with a swirl pattern.		Also I'm really high so I am deeply sorry if I don't make sense.	I just wanted to be as friendly as the people on /r/wholesomememes :3
Not one of my dogs. 	Edit: He was a rescue that was neglected by his first owner, so he takes a while to warm up to people.That's the spirit!
Not one of my dogs. 	Edit: He was a rescue that was neglected by his first owner, so he takes a while to warm up to people.Thank you for giving that doge another chance. You are a good person :)
Not one of my dogs. 	Edit: He was a rescue that was neglected by his first owner, so he takes a while to warm up to people.You are the best person.
Not one of my dogs. 	Edit: He was a rescue that was neglected by his first owner, so he takes a while to warm up to people.I always gain respect for people who get rescues.		Making the little dudes life better and getting them away from the crappy owners. Good job. Hope he lives a long happy life with you.
Not one of my dogs. 	Edit: He was a rescue that was neglected by his first owner, so he takes a while to warm up to people.I know it's been said before but it's something that bears repeating. Thank you for adopting your dog and giving it another chance. 
Not one of my dogs. 	Edit: He was a rescue that was neglected by his first owner, so he takes a while to warm up to people.I know someone who rescues dogs.  One of them was in a puppy mill, and she hates people.  She growls and runs away when you look at her.  I was able to pick her up my second time over their house.
I have a Valley Bulldog named Lola. She is adorable and very loving.		Then I have two Boston Terriers with mental deficiencies, but they're still very sweet.You could've just said you have to Boston Terriers :P
Omg I want to go to your home. No creepo. My cat is not at all cuddly I'm sorry your cat is not cuddly. I want to tell you that he enjoys his peace and quiet and that you let him have his space. Just like some of us humans. :)
Which is still a sin, but we forgive.Can we declare very-happy-inducing reposts in wholesomememes to *not* be a sin? Like, make it an exception here? (No sarcasm, sincere question.) I never saw this one before and I'm so happy I did because I can do this for people with my kitty. (He's super friendly so it would really work, too!)
This comment made me smile so wide that I just had to make you a [wholesome gif](https://gfycat.com/ColorlessRespectfulDolphin)!:D Thanks, Red!! 
This comment made me smile so wide that I just had to make you a [wholesome gif](https://gfycat.com/ColorlessRespectfulDolphin)!This is awesome!
This comment made me smile so wide that I just had to make you a [wholesome gif](https://gfycat.com/ColorlessRespectfulDolphin)!That is amazing! :'D
If someone doesn't give you gold I'll cry		Edit: We did it, r/wholesomememes! Thank you!Be the change you want to see!
Her name is Castiel and she looks kinda like a Siamese. She is smol and fat and verr soft and she purrs a lot when she is being snurgled. AWWWWWWWW
[removed][removed]
You are the best person.It is the purest, best pleasure
I know someone who rescues dogs.  One of them was in a puppy mill, and she hates people.  She growls and runs away when you look at her.  I was able to pick her up my second time over their house.You must be a sweetie, then! Most dogs are great at picking out the good people!
You could've just said you have to Boston Terriers :PYes, you simply must Boston Terriers.
I'm sorry your cat is not cuddly. I want to tell you that he enjoys his peace and quiet and that you let him have his space. Just like some of us humans. :)HAHA YES I AM ALSO A HUMAN WHO ENJOYS FREE SPACE TO ~~PROCESS~~ THINK
Be the change you want to see!Sometimes it requires disposable income, friend. Someone got to it, though, so we can all be happy. :)
HAHA YES I AM ALSO A HUMAN WHO ENJOYS FREE SPACE TO ~~PROCESS~~ THINK/r/totallynotrobots
Sometimes it requires disposable income, friend. Someone got to it, though, so we can all be happy. :)A nice comment is equally, if not better, gesture IMHO.
[removed][removed]
A nice comment is equally, if not better, gesture IMHO.You're beautiful and I hope your day has been as amazing as you are 
