"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. 
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.In the spirit of wholesome memes, happy new year to everyone.
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Happy New Year bud. I hope 2017 can counteract the negativity that seems to have seeped into the world. Here's to fresh starts, good people, and healing for the world
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.I misread "geen muren maar buren" since that rhymes in dutch, but quite frankly fits even more since it means "no walls but neighbors" and that that's just optimistic :)
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.By the way it's the reason all euro bills have bridges on them : as a symbol of bringing people together.   
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.I like that all the people from 2016 are still there in 2017 it is good attention to detail.. 		Even if inaccurate. 		RIP:	David Bowie, 	Alan Rickman, 	Prince, 	Harambe, 	Muhammad Ali, 	Gene Wilder, 	Arnold Palmer, 	George Michael, 	Carrie Fisher	And far too many others, you shall all be missed.
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Year starting with wholesomememes on the front page. Already looking good. Happy january 1st everyone!
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Love is not political.		This post is focused on loving thy neighbors. Love is what this sub's about. It's not our fault that some politicians preach hating thy neighbors. We're gonna preach love regardless. This sub is a "love-everybody" space, not a safe space for hate.	
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Love it! Personally I'm going to try and make 2017 better for myself and those around me. Be the change you want to see, etc etc. Happy new year y'all.
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Mods are gonna have their hands full with this one!
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.I have an honest question. The united States were very divided this year, but was that the case for other countries around the world?		Edit - wow. I had no clue the rest of the world was having similar problems. Here's hoping these issues and fractures start to heal in 2017!
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.I'm so excited for 2017! It's a new year, so much potential! Anything can happen!
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Dear everyone (including OP);		Please don't spoil the spirit of wholesome memes by bringing political agendas. 	Much thanks!		Love you all,		HumanoidUnit
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.I like the positive attitudes, but it's important to remember that today is different from yesterday in name alone. The future will come on its own, but we need to be the ones to make the changes we want made.
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Happy new year everyone. I hope everyone will have a great year!	
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Well, technically, if you put the 7 at the same height as the 6, now half of the people are just on a pedestal above everyone else.
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.I can't tell if 2016 really sucked as much as I think it did - of if I'm just noticing all this shit more?		I don't recall seeing stuff like this before but it could be Baader-Meinhof...
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.[removed]
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.There's a famous saying in Esperanto that I love. *Rompu la murojn inter la populoj* which translate to "Break down the walls between the people."
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.Man I wish the world was that simple
"Not walls but bridges" - Dutch cartoon. Happy new year everyone.are we just going to ignore how disproportionate the 6 has to be for this to work?
I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. I really like you, I think you're great.
I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. /r/wholesomememes really came around at a good time.  There's a lot of large, very publicized reasons for people to be cynical and that makes it difficult to deal with the little struggles we all have going on.		I'm going to [defer to Tolkien](https://mythsofthemirror.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/gandalf-quote.jpg) on why /r/wholesomememes is important.
I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. 17's a good number. That was the age I was when I had my first kiss.
I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. Thanks Lucio 
I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. I had tons of positivity in 2016, and I'll keep it up even though I know 2017 is going to be tough for a lot of people.
I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. I have my own little multireddit set up that has all the [active] happy subs I have found. 
I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. A few days ago, I had a random conversation with a stranger in an elevator.  We ended up agreeing that 2016 was pretty shitty and wished each other a happy new year.  As I walked away, something about that made me realize that we each really do have the ability to work to make 2017 better.		No, there's little we can do about celebrities dying.  But there are plenty of things we can work on to make our own lives better and make things better for our families, our communities, our nations and the world.		I know this is "obvious" and "trite", but I'm really taking a lesson from the shit-show of 2016 that there are lots of small things to work towards and ways each of us can work together to nudge things in better directions.
I'm really liking the positivity people are having for 2017. Me too. While the fuck 2016 stuff may have been some confirmation bias I hope it leads to people making a concentrated effort to make this year better for everyone :) 		Attitude goes a very long way. Everyone was so down on 2016 that every little problem became a huge problem. Let's reverse that this year and make every little success a huge one!
Happy New Year bud. I hope 2017 can counteract the negativity that seems to have seeped into the world. Here's to fresh starts, good people, and healing for the worldI just ate some dumplings.  2017 is starting off well!
I misread "geen muren maar buren" since that rhymes in dutch, but quite frankly fits even more since it means "no walls but neighbors" and that that's just optimistic :)That's also a great slogan. The rhyme works incredibly well. Perhaps the Rijdende Rechter should have that on the side of his car. 
By the way it's the reason all euro bills have bridges on them : as a symbol of bringing people together.   And of course to honour Gottkanzler Schulz
I like that all the people from 2016 are still there in 2017 it is good attention to detail.. 		Even if inaccurate. 		RIP:	David Bowie, 	Alan Rickman, 	Prince, 	Harambe, 	Muhammad Ali, 	Gene Wilder, 	Arnold Palmer, 	George Michael, 	Carrie Fisher	And far too many others, you shall all be missed.Also somewhat selfishly because my dad is on this list, those who died of any kind of currently uncurable disease.		Fuck cancer.
I like that all the people from 2016 are still there in 2017 it is good attention to detail.. 		Even if inaccurate. 		RIP:	David Bowie, 	Alan Rickman, 	Prince, 	Harambe, 	Muhammad Ali, 	Gene Wilder, 	Arnold Palmer, 	George Michael, 	Carrie Fisher	And far too many others, you shall all be missed.F
Love is not political.		This post is focused on loving thy neighbors. Love is what this sub's about. It's not our fault that some politicians preach hating thy neighbors. We're gonna preach love regardless. This sub is a "love-everybody" space, not a safe space for hate.	^ This person gets it.      
I have an honest question. The united States were very divided this year, but was that the case for other countries around the world?		Edit - wow. I had no clue the rest of the world was having similar problems. Here's hoping these issues and fractures start to heal in 2017!Brazil was extremely divided this year. In my 30 years I've never seen anything quite like it. The reason is because (now former)President Roussef, the nation's first female president, was impeached and ousted. It was very stressful for Brazilian society because a huge part of the population loved her and identified with the left (she is a center-left politician), and over half of the voters elected her after all. But on the other hand many Brazilians loath her, mostly for either real or perceived involvement in corruption scandals. The latter rejoiced with her ousting, the former accused all of it of being a right wing undemocratic coup. People have been having lots of inflammable conversations about it, putting friends and family against one another. There have been violent protests on the streets too. All over Latin America countries picked a side in this crisis.		It was really a shame. I don't intend to pass my own judgement on it here. i just wanted to answer your question by saying that, from where I see, this has been the most divisive year for modern Brazilian society that I can recall.
I have an honest question. The united States were very divided this year, but was that the case for other countries around the world?		Edit - wow. I had no clue the rest of the world was having similar problems. Here's hoping these issues and fractures start to heal in 2017!Well, depending on who you ask, Brexit was very much a vote for isolation from Europe, so europe is divided. This then caused Scotland to have some independent movements again, which is more division. Nothing as serious as in the USA however.  	   	Have a good day!
I have an honest question. The united States were very divided this year, but was that the case for other countries around the world?		Edit - wow. I had no clue the rest of the world was having similar problems. Here's hoping these issues and fractures start to heal in 2017!Much of the Middle East is destabilised, there have been mass riots in China and across Asia, and the breakdown of the EU has begun.
I have an honest question. The united States were very divided this year, but was that the case for other countries around the world?		Edit - wow. I had no clue the rest of the world was having similar problems. Here's hoping these issues and fractures start to heal in 2017!The Netherlands (where the comic originates from) has seen rising tensions between different political and cultural parties. The refugee crisis didn't help, the social justice war isn't helping either.
Dear everyone (including OP);		Please don't spoil the spirit of wholesome memes by bringing political agendas. 	Much thanks!		Love you all,		HumanoidUnitI don't get it. It's a comic about 2017 hopefully being a better year. 
Dear everyone (including OP);		Please don't spoil the spirit of wholesome memes by bringing political agendas. 	Much thanks!		Love you all,		HumanoidUnit[deleted]
[removed][removed]
There's a famous saying in Esperanto that I love. *Rompu la murojn inter la populoj* which translate to "Break down the walls between the people."I wasn't aware that anything said in esperanto could be described as "famous".
 disso que o mundo precisa, criar pontes ao invs de paredes.Eu tive que usar o Google Translate para ler isso e escrever isso, mas eu s quero que voc saiba que seu comentrio foi entendido.
16 the top of the 1 should be at the top of the 6That's what's hurting be about this but I love the message. I hope you have a fantastic new year!
[removed]>Sees positive, uplifting, simple cartoon		>Still finds something to bitch about		You people need to stop.
[removed]I mean come on, it's the CURRENT YEAR +2
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
I really like you, I think you're great.You're great for voicing such a kind opinion! Updoot for you, my friend. 
/r/wholesomememes really came around at a good time.  There's a lot of large, very publicized reasons for people to be cynical and that makes it difficult to deal with the little struggles we all have going on.		I'm going to [defer to Tolkien](https://mythsofthemirror.files.wordpress.com/2015/02/gandalf-quote.jpg) on why /r/wholesomememes is important."Now go fight an epic once in a millennium struggle to stop ultimate evil."			-Gandalf
17's a good number. That was the age I was when I had my first kiss.17's a bad number for me, but I'm glad that people can enjoy it.
17's a good number. That was the age I was when I had my first kiss.I think it was the same for me!
17's a good number. That was the age I was when I had my first kiss.Seventeen is when I had my very first beer.
Thanks Lucio  Movin' with the payload 
Thanks Lucio this literally makes 0 sense to just respond "thanks lucio" are you ok man
Thanks Lucio Lucio is the hero we need for 2017. Animated short better come soon.
I have my own little multireddit set up that has all the [active] happy subs I have found. Can you make it public please?
I just ate some dumplings.  2017 is starting off well!My 2017 started with my shower being canceled because the drain is clogged with roots, and then returning to my room to see my cat has wet the bed during her sleep....	
How would 2017 do that? does it have super powers? It has us! :D
Also somewhat selfishly because my dad is on this list, those who died of any kind of currently uncurable disease.		Fuck cancer.Sorry for your loss.
Also somewhat selfishly because my dad is on this list, those who died of any kind of currently uncurable disease.		Fuck cancer.My dog too from cancer as well.
[removed]the "be afraid of thy neighbour" narrative is definitely strong, and hate is a natural result of having those fears exploited imo
The Netherlands (where the comic originates from) has seen rising tensions between different political and cultural parties. The refugee crisis didn't help, the social justice war isn't helping either.Calling peoples' calls to change the culture a "social justice war" doesn't help
I don't get it. It's a comic about 2017 hopefully being a better year. https://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/comments/5lfd6j/not_walls_but_bridges_dutch_cartoon_happy_new/dbveakp/		I'm assuming he is talking about stuff like this, people linking to political subs. '		And I also assume some people are reading this as being about a border wall, but I think its more about divisiveness and argument, rather than a border wall.		One of the things I absolutley love about this place is that its apolitical, we should guard against that changing.		
I don't get it. It's a comic about 2017 hopefully being a better year. The tag line about walls is a very clear reference to Trump. It's a political cartoon, which I agree with OP will very quickly harm this sub 
I don't get it. It's a comic about 2017 hopefully being a better year. Well, 2016 wasn't a great year partly because of the fighting between people on different sides of politcs, and this comics depicts people arguing in 2016, therefore it's likely referring to politics.
>Sees positive, uplifting, simple cartoon		>Still finds something to bitch about		You people need to stop.What do you mean, "you people"?
You're great for voicing such a kind opinion! Updoot for you, my friend. yo get the updoots
You're great for voicing such a kind opinion! Updoot for you, my friend. I love you.
"Now go fight an epic once in a millennium struggle to stop ultimate evil."			-GandalfWell, it was pretty much just a hike as far as the Ring is concerned
"Now go fight an epic once in a millennium struggle to stop ultimate evil."			-Gandalf"Some believe it is only great power that can hold evil in check, but that is not what I have found. It is those slippery rocks at the Cracks of Doom that keep the darkness at bay. And Gollum's insane urge to do a victory dance mere feet from a sheer drop into molten lava."
17's a bad number for me, but I'm glad that people can enjoy it.Well hopefully this year can change your mind about the number 17. Happy wishes to you in the new year!!
I think it was the same for me!But not your last! MwwwwwwAH!
this literally makes 0 sense to just respond "thanks lucio" are you ok manResponded to wring comment lol 
My 2017 started with my shower being canceled because the drain is clogged with roots, and then returning to my room to see my cat has wet the bed during her sleep....	You get to start out the year with well-defined challenges.  You are a smart, resourceful person who can easily overcome these and any other issues that come your way.  You are going to have a great year! 
Sorry for your loss.Thank you very much. He died at 44 years old, far too young.
The tag line about walls is a very clear reference to Trump. It's a political cartoon, which I agree with OP will very quickly harm this sub We've got some mean users in here now, and we're trying our best to keep the discussion civilized.
The tag line about walls is a very clear reference to Trump. It's a political cartoon, which I agree with OP will very quickly harm this sub [deleted]  	 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4710 	 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/27788)
The tag line about walls is a very clear reference to Trump. It's a political cartoon, which I agree with OP will very quickly harm this sub There is/was also the Berlin Wall, the wall in Israel, and the walls people build between them and others in general. 
Well, 2016 wasn't a great year partly because of the fighting between people on different sides of politcs, and this comics depicts people arguing in 2016, therefore it's likely referring to politics.But it doesn't matter if it is, its about uniting :) In fact, especially in politics, we should work to reunite and become happier.
Well, 2016 wasn't a great year partly because of the fighting between people on different sides of politcs, and this comics depicts people arguing in 2016, therefore it's likely referring to politics.Oh but this is a Dutch cartoon, so it's probably not about American politics!
[removed]Don't do that. Respect that people can have different opinions. We need to come together and find agreements not divide in opposing groups.
yo get the updootsThank
I love you.you 're a cool dude, friendo!
But not your last! MwwwwwwAH!And you've only become more experienced since then! Progress!
You get to start out the year with well-defined challenges.  You are a smart, resourceful person who can easily overcome these and any other issues that come your way.  You are going to have a great year! HES GONNA DO GREAT!
You get to start out the year with well-defined challenges.  You are a smart, resourceful person who can easily overcome these and any other issues that come your way.  You are going to have a great year! I'm starting to tear up and I'm not the OP. This is such a great way to look at things and I'm definitely going to try to change my attitude about problems. Thank you so much. You have a great life spreading your positive message and change more people's lives :) 
Thank you very much. He died at 44 years old, far too young.I'm so sorry to hear that. May 2017 bring new joys to help fill the blank spaces. 
We've got some mean users in here now, and we're trying our best to keep the discussion civilized.Thanks for the work you guys do. As a generally jaded guy, I really do enjoy your sub. Nothing like a wholesome chuckle to just make your day better. 		Good luck stopping all the political nonsense and thanks again.
We've got some mean users in here now, and we're trying our best to keep the discussion civilized.I'm sorry but this post is guaranteed to elicit conflict.  It is clearly a political post referencing the ideas of walls (US politics) and integration/conflict with refugees (European politics).  			This sub has grown rapidly and you're facing the first major test where you are forced to define in hard terms what the sub will be about.  You had something really unique here, please don't let it be spoiled with incendiary posts.  This sub is incredibly fragile, it must be protected vigilantly.			Wishing you a wholesome 2017.
We've got some mean users in here now, and we're trying our best to keep the discussion civilized.Are there rules around political posts? This kind of post is only going to cause problems. 
But it doesn't matter if it is, its about uniting :) In fact, especially in politics, we should work to reunite and become happier.I kind of feel like the sort of happiness that you'd get from that course of action would be a stepford smiler sort of situation.		Conflict isn't bad, conflict can be good and wholesome and necessary. Most of the good things we have today came about through people choosing to forego an easy negative peace to actually address problems. 		In the most positive way possible, I think we need genuine conflict more than ever. We need to be bold and willing to wrestle instead of rolling over once again for the sake of a peace that isn't in our best interests.  I hope 2017 is the year that we start tackling our problems and struggling for a better 2018 instead of trying to ignore it for the sake of a negative peace. 
But it doesn't matter if it is, its about uniting :) In fact, especially in politics, we should work to reunite and become happier.If we tried to unite people politically in /r/wholesomememes, then it would devolve into the same fighting that plagues nearly all of reddit. 		I really hope the mods don't choose to allow that to happen, I like this place.
[removed]What do you think Dutch racial demographics are? This was created by a Dutch person for a Dutch audience. There's no unwholesomeness here.		If this were a Kenyan-drawn cartoon, with a caption in the Kenyan written language, I'd expect all the people in the cartoon to be black.
ThankI like this subreddit. Thank you. 
you 're a cool dude, friendo!you're a cool friendo, dude! I love you.
I'm starting to tear up and I'm not the OP. This is such a great way to look at things and I'm definitely going to try to change my attitude about problems. Thank you so much. You have a great life spreading your positive message and change more people's lives :) Changing problems into challenges makes them into things to be conquered, not avoided.  You are the product of millions of years of people overcoming obstacles and continuing on.  You are a warrior by birth, and nothing is beyond you.  
I'm starting to tear up and I'm not the OP. This is such a great way to look at things and I'm definitely going to try to change my attitude about problems. Thank you so much. You have a great life spreading your positive message and change more people's lives :) I know that a capable person like you can make those changes you would like to see in your life!
I'm so sorry to hear that. May 2017 bring new joys to help fill the blank spaces. Well so far apparently our wifi is off because we are having money issues and another family friend has died but, high hopes!
PVV is probably going to come first in March, but it wasn't born in 2016, it's been growing in popularity for a while. The Dutch clearly do care about international politics too, and the wall is a clear reference, bizarre that you'd deny it. Bridges and walls have been used together for a long time, maybe mostly in regards to politics and immigration but still it's not something clearly pointing at Trump
PVV is probably going to come first in March, but it wasn't born in 2016, it's been growing in popularity for a while. The Dutch clearly do care about international politics too, and the wall is a clear reference, bizarre that you'd deny it. To be fair, I'm an american who has had dozens of conversations about the wall and I didn't see that as the implication of the comic. I saw it as more about political divisiveness, especially with the people arguing over a divide. 		I'm guessing the artist would have gone a different route for the people and how they were interacting if he intended to target the broder wall.
PVV is probably going to come first in March, but it wasn't born in 2016, it's been growing in popularity for a while. The Dutch clearly do care about international politics too, and the wall is a clear reference, bizarre that you'd deny it. It's just as much about the divide created by political parties such as Denk and the cultural issues (and taboos) that still plague the country.		Besides that taking the word "walls" literally is pretty naive as it is just as much referencing the Dutch idiom with the same words.
If we tried to unite people politically in /r/wholesomememes, then it would devolve into the same fighting that plagues nearly all of reddit. 		I really hope the mods don't choose to allow that to happen, I like this place.You can be political enemies and still shake hands and be polite and listen to each other. Politics is so much more pleasant when that is the case.
That's actually pretty scary.  Asking for inclusiveness is seen as a threat to be censored?They were removed because they weren't wholesome.		Your parent comment is staying because you asked a relevant question in a nice way. "They all look caucasian.. lol" asks the same question but in a pretty negative way. It's borderline, I assure you, but I feel like that comment is a little too "unwholesome" for this sub.		I and my comods take inclusiveness and acceptance very seriously, by the way. There have been very many comments removed calling refugees rapists and people being very rude towards Muslims. Very sad stuff.		Hope this clears stuff up a little, and sorry /r/playyesbuyno because I felt like I had to remove your comment twice. Your comments in this thread will stay up, and I approved the two comments above for context.
I like this subreddit. Thank you. I'm completely lost but people seem nice here. 
Well so far apparently our wifi is off because we are having money issues and another family friend has died but, high hopes!When it rains, it pours. Power through and you will see the sun.
Yep, if you need an example of that, I am one. I've been subscribed to this sub a few weeks, and this is the first post I've downvoted. I'll be very disappointed if they start allowing obvious biased political posts. We're allowing this because it can be perceived as a general message to hope for the best this new year. I hope you'll stay.
They were removed because they weren't wholesome.		Your parent comment is staying because you asked a relevant question in a nice way. "They all look caucasian.. lol" asks the same question but in a pretty negative way. It's borderline, I assure you, but I feel like that comment is a little too "unwholesome" for this sub.		I and my comods take inclusiveness and acceptance very seriously, by the way. There have been very many comments removed calling refugees rapists and people being very rude towards Muslims. Very sad stuff.		Hope this clears stuff up a little, and sorry /r/playyesbuyno because I felt like I had to remove your comment twice. Your comments in this thread will stay up, and I approved the two comments above for context.Ok, thanks.
I'm completely lost but people seem nice here. can I has updoots too?		You're all beautiful 
I'm completely lost but people seem nice here. You're not lost anymore, friend! 
When it rains, it pours. Power through and you will see the sun.Everyone needs to be reminded of this some times. Thank you. 
I think that highly depends on what the topic is. If the topic is "let's gas the Jews" then sure, it would be very hard to remain polite. The problem is that even the ones who intend to commit genocide rarely say so, and those who vote for them don't think they will, really. And in those situations, for the majority of  voters who are not insane or psychopaths, there are ways of reaching out and listening is one of them. Listening, being calm and bringing facts in a polite conversation without name calling.
Absolutely, and that is a great sentiment. But if you try to turn wholesomememes into the place for fixing our broken political system, then you'll destroy its purpose.It's not just about the US. It's about the world. Tones have changed for the harsher everywhere, in France where I live and in Sweden where I come from as well. This general sentiment of reaching out and talking instead of shouting at each other behind a wall is a great and necessary sentiment. I don't see it as bringing any specific politics into the subreddit, at all. 
can I has updoots too?		You're all beautiful [UPDOOT](http://ezgif.com/save/ezgif.com-72ba5010c9.gif) 
can I has updoots too?		You're all beautiful yo get the updoots
can I has updoots too?		You're all beautiful Doot fam. Always doots for Doot fam. 
[UPDOOT](http://ezgif.com/save/ezgif.com-72ba5010c9.gif) yo get the updoots
