Paying rentI wish I had cute little explanations like this for everything. 
Paying rentOMG LOOK AT ITS SMILE I LOVE THEM
Paying rent/r/spiderbro
Paying rent[deleted]
Paying rentThis totally made my day. Look at that cute perfect little smile it's amazing. 
Paying rentMaybe he's trying to pay you for all the snacks found under the cushions... 
Paying rentAw little guy, you don't need to pay more. You pay your rent by being cute and eating little gnats!!		Whenever we find those little wolf spiders in our house they get to stay. Our son named our most recent one "Shoe."
Paying rentPersonally, I'm quite fond of all my spider tenants and think that the "flying insect removal service" alone is quite sufficient for rent, no need to pay anything more. I'm even willing to respect the integrity of the webs if they are in a place where they aren't getting in my way.
Paying rentthis is too good. see you on the front page! *presses the upvote button.*
Paying rentI need to know who the artist is
Paying rentWhat a nice meme, thank you! This is such a wonderful sub, it even makes you feel wholesome for the spiders, I'll make sure to thank the next black widow I see in my bathroom for being so responsible about her finances!
Paying renthaha that's a lovely thought
Paying rentI came here expecting to see lots of "kill it anyway" comments. Don't hate on our little spider bros and sis', they just eat yucky pesky bugs and keep your homes pest-free! They know they look a bit spoopy so they stay in the corner trying to keep out of sight.
Paying rentDoes that mean that when I pick up a spider by its legs and throw it out of the window, I'm actually evicting it for not paying up on time? 
Paying rentI don't like being surprised by spiders, but at the same time I don't bother to hunt them down either. Just, yknow... spiderbro. When I'm in the shower please don't be two inches from my face. (I can barely see without my glasses so it was really scary)
Paying rentI can imagine him beaming with pride as he rolls a nickel down the sidewalk
Paying rentBest bro spider: eats bugs and even pays rent!
Paying rentThat's cool, spider friend can stay.		I had one in my room that only stayed in the corner of my window and caught all the ants that came in through a tiny crack. Needless to say I didn't release it outside because it was doing me a favor.
This post has reached the top 100 of /r/all! Congratulations OP, and welcome new friendos!!! This is just a quick reminder for new folks to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar) Be sure to abide by **Rule 4:**		>Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		If you are new here, consider subscribing to get more friendly content! We hope you enjoy your stay. :) You can also [follow our official Twitter here.](https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes)		I swear, this is on every post from this sub it seems. All of reddit is getting more wholesome! :)
I wish I had cute little explanations like this for everything. Stick around here and you soon will! 
I wish I had cute little explanations like this for everything. A shiver is just a friendly ghost saying hi.		A random boner is a cute ghost flirting with your soul.		A dj vu is a ghost trying to give you premonition, but they're not very good at it (they're trying though).		UFO's are ghosts having wild sky orgies.			
I wish I had cute little explanations like this for everything. Spiders sit in your shower to make sure  you don't drown. Little lifeguards :) 
I wish I had cute little explanations like this for everything. dust bunnies or dust balls are actually bugs trying to make you clothes.
I wish I had cute little explanations like this for everything. I think that sounds like a really good pass time!
OMG LOOK AT ITS SMILE I LOVE THEMA happy spider is a happy home
OMG LOOK AT ITS SMILE I LOVE THEMHe has a monie
OMG LOOK AT ITS SMILE I LOVE THEM/r/spiderbro
OMG LOOK AT ITS SMILE I LOVE THEMIt reminds me of [Cosmog's](http://alexalan.deviantart.com/art/Cosmog-643081676) smile from Pokmon Sun/Moon. 		P.S. [Pew!](https://i.redd.it/19jrshqjpt0y.png)
OMG LOOK AT ITS SMILE I LOVE THEMI love YOU and your comment :)
/r/spiderbro[Fist bump](https://i.redd.it/jx050mhobsjx.jpg)
/r/spiderbroI don't like to do it, but /r/ofcoursethatsathing/
Maybe he's trying to pay you for all the snacks found under the cushions... Oh boy, I think our resident spiders could be a little more generous with their contribution given MY contribution to "all the snacks found under the cushions..."!
Aw little guy, you don't need to pay more. You pay your rent by being cute and eating little gnats!!		Whenever we find those little wolf spiders in our house they get to stay. Our son named our most recent one "Shoe."That's cute as heck!
Personally, I'm quite fond of all my spider tenants and think that the "flying insect removal service" alone is quite sufficient for rent, no need to pay anything more. I'm even willing to respect the integrity of the webs if they are in a place where they aren't getting in my way.spider bros > flying insects
Personally, I'm quite fond of all my spider tenants and think that the "flying insect removal service" alone is quite sufficient for rent, no need to pay anything more. I'm even willing to respect the integrity of the webs if they are in a place where they aren't getting in my way.I'm gonna give you a really considered pro-spider rationale.  Here goes.		* Spiders move relatively slowly, and can only come at you from the floor, walls, or ceiling.		* Spiders don't, though.  They mostly just leave you alone unless you rustle their jimmies somehow.		* Spiders eat a lot of flying insects.		* The flying insects sometimes sting or bite you, and they come at you from any direction, through the air.		CONCLUSION: Bruh...spiders.
this is too good. see you on the front page! *presses the upvote button.*Hey there friendo! Love this comment!		*pushes up vote button*
I need to know who the artist isHere is the full version with watermark from the artist!	http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/856/493/d2a.png
I came here expecting to see lots of "kill it anyway" comments. Don't hate on our little spider bros and sis', they just eat yucky pesky bugs and keep your homes pest-free! They know they look a bit spoopy so they stay in the corner trying to keep out of sight.I wish they didn't freak me out so much, but it's an automatic response. I know they didn't do anything wrong. If I could rewire my brain to be chill with them I would.
Does that mean that when I pick up a spider by its legs and throw it out of the window, I'm actually evicting it for not paying up on time? Most spiders are buds, not bads.
Stick around here and you soon will! This place is the best.
A shiver is just a friendly ghost saying hi.		A random boner is a cute ghost flirting with your soul.		A dj vu is a ghost trying to give you premonition, but they're not very good at it (they're trying though).		UFO's are ghosts having wild sky orgies.			Ghosts are apparently behind everything
A shiver is just a friendly ghost saying hi.		A random boner is a cute ghost flirting with your soul.		A dj vu is a ghost trying to give you premonition, but they're not very good at it (they're trying though).		UFO's are ghosts having wild sky orgies.			>wild sky orgies		Please let this be what happens when I die. I've had a fucked up life and will probably die way before average life expectancy. I think we'll probably wake up on a spaceship or repeat life as someone else, just like we woke up to this life with no choice in the matter. 		But wild sky orgies would be a great fate. 
Spiders sit in your shower to make sure  you don't drown. Little lifeguards :) I just took a shower minutes ago and there was a spiderbro in there!		One time I was making food in the kitchen, and a spider was on the counter kind of milling about. I watched this, and then as he came across a nickel-sized spot of water (a nice little surface tension bubble). He paused, lifted his front legs in the air, and then started pecking ever-so-slightly. I could see the disruption on the surface of the water bubble.		HE WAS DRINKING!! I realized I'd never seen a spider drink water before. This lead me to learning that water is essential because instead of muscles, they change the pressure in parts of their body to move their limbs, and that requires fluid! Hence why they're often in our showers, and those pining for the fjords are all dry and balled up.		I don't know, I guess at 26 I thought I'd seen everything. It was adorable though, and I vowed never to kill a spider unless it's: A) On my body, or B) larger than my hand, in which case I'd rather trap it but couldn't quite guarantee its safety...
I think that sounds like a really good pass time!Yeah I could see a comic series with this premise getting very popular, here particularly. 
A happy spider is a happy homeI had one I named "Bitsy" that lived for months behind my toilet tank.  I actually missed her when she left.
[Fist bump](https://i.redd.it/jx050mhobsjx.jpg)This something I know 100% in my mind I will never experience.  I run like Kramer in the episode where he gets free coffee for life when I see a spider.  My wife has to grab a napkin and scoop up the little fella and put him outside. 
[Fist bump](https://i.redd.it/jx050mhobsjx.jpg)Leg bump* :]
I don't like to do it, but /r/ofcoursethatsathing/At least I liked it, friend :)
Thanks for taking them out instead of killing them.It's to let them get some nice sunshine and fresh air. 		
Thanks for taking them out instead of killing them.I try to do this with any bug that I find in my house, unless its actually dangerous to handle. Moths are difficult to catch without hurting them :/
Thanks for taking them out instead of killing them.It's nice the spiders at my house chip in so I can get Spiderfy Premium.
Thanks for taking them out instead of killing them.Indoor spiders tend to die when forced outdoors :( poor guys
Thanks for taking them out instead of killing them.Unfortunately inside spiders and outside spiders are usually inside and outside specific spiders. 
That's cute as heck!You're cute as heck :)
That's nasty Nasty like a nasty dunk? Because I too think that comment was a slam dunk! 
spider bros > flying insectsAgreed. They help keep the other insect population in check. They can live with me rent free. 
Hey there friendo! Love this comment!		*pushes up vote button*get back here you lil' goober! you think you can leave me a comment, an upvote, and get away scot-free? *holds your comment up into the sky and tickles it with arrows pointing upwards.*
Here is the full version with watermark from the artist!	http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/856/493/d2a.png[deleted]
Here is the full version with watermark from the artist!	http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/856/493/d2a.pngTHANK YOU!
Most spiders are buds, not bads.[deleted]
This place is the best.No, you're the best!
Ghosts are apparently behind everythingAnd they're surprisingly horny.
Ghosts are apparently behind everythingCute ghosts. They believe in you.
>wild sky orgies		Please let this be what happens when I die. I've had a fucked up life and will probably die way before average life expectancy. I think we'll probably wake up on a spaceship or repeat life as someone else, just like we woke up to this life with no choice in the matter. 		But wild sky orgies would be a great fate. Thy will be done, thy kingdom cum. (Hopefully not too blasphemous for wholesomememes)
I had one I named "Bitsy" that lived for months behind my toilet tank.  I actually missed her when she left.I've had one in my bathroom right above the shower in the corner of the ceiling since last summer. Sometimes it moves to the other corner of the ceiling, and I won't see it because of the shower curtain, so I miss it. I'm always happy when I find it again.
I had one I named "Bitsy" that lived for months behind my toilet tank.  I actually missed her when she left.I used to have "conversations" with spiders when I went to my grandparents' house in the countryside. It would help me sleep at night thinking they had no intentions of harming me.
I had one I named "Bitsy" that lived for months behind my toilet tank.  I actually missed her when she left.Somewhat random story.  I have a garden every summer and one day I went out to the garden, picked up my trowell and felt a crunch under my finger.  To my dismay, I had just killed a spider who happened to be a mother guarding her egg sac.  I brought the sac inside, created a spider incubator which is simply pantyhose suspended over a water bath which provides humidity for the developing eggs. 	  	  	Within about 2 weeks the eggs "sprouted" their legs!  I got some flightless fruit flies and they started hunting/growing.  I ended up having about 30-40 of the little dudes.  I let about 5 of them go in different areas of my house since lots of bugs come in during the summer.  Half of the remaining spideys were let go near lights on the outside of my house, and the other half were released in my garden.  For the next two years one of my kiddos lived in my bathroom and would spy on people while they showered.  I miss them.
I had one I named "Bitsy" that lived for months behind my toilet tank.  I actually missed her when she left.I had one named Tiny Dude. Tiny Dude was awesome. He stood up to two bully spiders trying to move in on his turf *at the same time*. I don't know what happened to Tiny Dude, but I hope he moved on to a prime piece of real estate.
At least I liked it, friend :)[hallo :)](http://i.imgur.com/hmOgHIZ.png)
I try to do this with any bug that I find in my house, unless its actually dangerous to handle. Moths are difficult to catch without hurting them :/My go-to trick is placing a cup over them (bucket / jug if larger) and sliding paper underneath, if it's not venomous or faster than you it should work :)
It's nice the spiders at my house chip in so I can get Spiderfy Premium.Nice
Indoor spiders tend to die when forced outdoors :( poor guysNew plan- I'm just going to keep them in my house forever and they'll be my pals
Why wouldn't you just kill them They're helpful. Would you rather have one spider, or five flies and 15 mosquitos and three cockroaches? Spiders will eat the annoying bugs, and they're harmless to you (unless they're the venomous kind - in the US there's just the brown recluses and the black widows). 
You're cute as heck :)Whoa whoa whoa, stay PG here
get back here you lil' goober! you think you can leave me a comment, an upvote, and get away scot-free? *holds your comment up into the sky and tickles it with arrows pointing upwards.*All of you, huddle up - you are all getting upvotes and some serious hair-tousling, you rascals!
No, you're the best!No you are!
And they're surprisingly horny.Eh, what else would you expect given an eternity of invisible stalking?
And they're surprisingly horny.What else is there to do in perpetuity?
Thy will be done, thy kingdom cum. (Hopefully not too blasphemous for wholesomememes)We are all blasphemous on this blessed day.		oh shit...wrong sub. Sorry fam
I've had one in my bathroom right above the shower in the corner of the ceiling since last summer. Sometimes it moves to the other corner of the ceiling, and I won't see it because of the shower curtain, so I miss it. I'm always happy when I find it again.If I was in the shower and saw a spider, it would have been a scene out of *Psycho.*
I've had one in my bathroom right above the shower in the corner of the ceiling since last summer. Sometimes it moves to the other corner of the ceiling, and I won't see it because of the shower curtain, so I miss it. I'm always happy when I find it again.I had one living in my car wing mirror for a few months. Sometimes it would just wander out and say hi while I was going along at 80mph. Eventually it vanished :(
I used to have "conversations" with spiders when I went to my grandparents' house in the countryside. It would help me sleep at night thinking they had no intentions of harming me.This is honestly adorable.
I used to have "conversations" with spiders when I went to my grandparents' house in the countryside. It would help me sleep at night thinking they had no intentions of harming me.Well it's true they had no intention of harming you, unless you live in straya. Probably even then.
Somewhat random story.  I have a garden every summer and one day I went out to the garden, picked up my trowell and felt a crunch under my finger.  To my dismay, I had just killed a spider who happened to be a mother guarding her egg sac.  I brought the sac inside, created a spider incubator which is simply pantyhose suspended over a water bath which provides humidity for the developing eggs. 	  	  	Within about 2 weeks the eggs "sprouted" their legs!  I got some flightless fruit flies and they started hunting/growing.  I ended up having about 30-40 of the little dudes.  I let about 5 of them go in different areas of my house since lots of bugs come in during the summer.  Half of the remaining spideys were let go near lights on the outside of my house, and the other half were released in my garden.  For the next two years one of my kiddos lived in my bathroom and would spy on people while they showered.  I miss them.Sooooo an entire group of tiny spiders incubating is my worst nightmare, but man this is adorable. 
[hallo :)](http://i.imgur.com/hmOgHIZ.png)https://i.imgur.com/3Ykh0pV.gifv
My go-to trick is placing a cup over them (bucket / jug if larger) and sliding paper underneath, if it's not venomous or faster than you it should work :)*if it's not venomous* 		Are we still talking about moths?
Maybe if someone photoshops the spiders mouth 180 degrees One wholesome spiderbro coming up:  	http://i.imgur.com/6gzIZ1L.png
Recluses are aggressive and dangerous so I won't say a word against that.They're actually not aggressive (they won't bite you unless they feel threatened), but they are dangerous.
No you are!Thanks
Eh, what else would you expect given an eternity of invisible stalking?Why are apartments always haunted?	Some ghosts like amateur porn.
What else is there to do in perpetuity?reddit.
We are all blasphemous on this blessed day.		oh shit...wrong sub. Sorry famNOT A PROBLEM FELLOW HUMAN 
If I was in the shower and saw a spider, it would have been a scene out of *Psycho.*I'm usually the guy who takes the spider and puts it outside if someone is scared, even for some of my male friends. But this spider is my secret, I don't want anyone to remove it.
https://i.imgur.com/3Ykh0pV.gifvSpiderbro much protect, is vv good jedi
*if it's not venomous* 		Are we still talking about moths?> I try to do this with any bug		Talking about any bug
The only bugs I ever get are spidersMaybe that's because they are killing all the other bugs
ThanksYou're welcome!
NOT A PROBLEM FELLOW HUMAN cat. 
I'm usually the guy who takes the spider and puts it outside if someone is scared, even for some of my male friends. But this spider is my secret, I don't want anyone to remove it.Awww. I try to never kill spiders myself. But I never had a secret spider, how awesome :D
I'm usually the guy who takes the spider and puts it outside if someone is scared, even for some of my male friends. But this spider is my secret, I don't want anyone to remove it.[deleted]
I'm usually the guy who takes the spider and puts it outside if someone is scared, even for some of my male friends. But this spider is my secret, I don't want anyone to remove it.One of my peers bought a tarantula for a film he was shooting, he's scared to death of spiders. 		He was going to kill it after the video was done, but I convinced him to give it away to somebody who would look after the spider.		I named him Godzilla. I let the new owner know, and the name stuck. I visit him every once in a while :) 
I'm usually the guy who takes the spider and puts it outside if someone is scared, even for some of my male friends. But this spider is my secret, I don't want anyone to remove it.I have a bond written in blood with my spider underlings. As long as they don't move, they get to live. If they move and I see them. It's time to go. I figure with years of conditioning, they will understand this pact, but one little rebellious guy always tries to break the truce.
I'm usually the guy who takes the spider and puts it outside if someone is scared, even for some of my male friends. But this spider is my secret, I don't want anyone to remove it.Don't put them outside. House spiders will not survive out there. 
You're welcome!This is direct evidence of /r/wholesomememes trying take over /r/me_irl 		I mean me too thanks
Awww. I try to never kill spiders myself. But I never had a secret spider, how awesome :DI had one named Kevin that lived in the engine bay of my car.  At slow speeds sometimes he would come out to crawl around on the hood.		Haven't seen him since winter set in.
Awww. I try to never kill spiders myself. But I never had a secret spider, how awesome :DI sort of exist in a state of detente with the spider in my apartment. Like, my lizard brain doesn't like him, but I recognize he provides a service. I've never seen any bug in here other than the occasional fly which he quickly takes care of.
One of my peers bought a tarantula for a film he was shooting, he's scared to death of spiders. 		He was going to kill it after the video was done, but I convinced him to give it away to somebody who would look after the spider.		I named him Godzilla. I let the new owner know, and the name stuck. I visit him every once in a while :) A tarantula can live as long as a house cat and they are very low maintenance pets with a surprising amount of personality! It would have been awful to kill it. Thank you for helping rescue it. 
Don't put them outside. House spiders will not survive out there. Fuck. *remorse*
Don't put them outside. House spiders will not survive out there. Well, they had to get in somehow. I'm sure they'll find a way back in or into another place. And since I live in an apartment building I always put them in the stairwell, except when I'm already outside, in which case I'll just put them 20m away or something.
This is direct evidence of /r/wholesomememes trying take over /r/me_irl 		I mean me too thanksI think you mean "us too", thanks
I had one named Kevin that lived in the engine bay of my car.  At slow speeds sometimes he would come out to crawl around on the hood.		Haven't seen him since winter set in.I had several dozen little jumping spiders living on my car. They all managed to hang on when I was driving around, but I also haven't seen them since the cold set in.  :(
I sort of exist in a state of detente with the spider in my apartment. Like, my lizard brain doesn't like him, but I recognize he provides a service. I've never seen any bug in here other than the occasional fly which he quickly takes care of.Brown recluses are given no quarter in my home, however, jumping spiders are welcomed in and given free reign.  I have finally trained my wife on the difference, so now she takes the time to properly identify the spider before allowing it to live or calling me to deliver its imminent demise.
I sort of exist in a state of detente with the spider in my apartment. Like, my lizard brain doesn't like him, but I recognize he provides a service. I've never seen any bug in here other than the occasional fly which he quickly takes care of.I have a very tiny spider in my room, and he doesn't really handle the fruit flies my roommates brought in but I understand because he's so tiny. Thinking about hiring a wolf spider or something to clean up.
I sort of exist in a state of detente with the spider in my apartment. Like, my lizard brain doesn't like him, but I recognize he provides a service. I've never seen any bug in here other than the occasional fly which he quickly takes care of.I cultivate a good relationship with the daddy long-legs that live on the ceiling of my porch and chase off all the bugs.		My mom has a tarantula colony that lives under her front patio.  They moved in close to *twenty years* ago and she feeds them.  I don't know how many tarantula generations have lived under that porch but it's been awesome.  Sometimes she'll see one of them sitting on the steps being all chill.
I think you mean "us too", thanksOops, I thought I was in /r/me_irl
Brown recluses are given no quarter in my home, however, jumping spiders are welcomed in and given free reign.  I have finally trained my wife on the difference, so now she takes the time to properly identify the spider before allowing it to live or calling me to deliver its imminent demise.Yeah, I used to live in an area that had a lot of black widows and the shop I was a tech at had a dozen easily. They got brake clean and fire when I saw them. I've gone to war with wolf spiders too.
I have a very tiny spider in my room, and he doesn't really handle the fruit flies my roommates brought in but I understand because he's so tiny. Thinking about hiring a wolf spider or something to clean up.I can't control myself with wolf spiders. I have flashbacks to when I've gave birth in my tent at camp.
