'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?"Michelle! Michelle! Get a load of this! Take our picture, this is going on my desk."
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?is this that new HBO show *Young Pope*
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?I never really thought about it, but he's met the Pope (both Ratzenberg and Francis) multiple times.		We see "baby dressed as celebrity", he sees "baby dressed Fred from Accounting". That makes it even funnier.
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Made me lol!	Id like to see more images like this floating around 	
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?The more I learn about Obama as a person, the more I feel like I'll really miss that guy. He's one of the few presidents I'd just want to chill with, as a person.
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Obama cannot keep his chill around kids. 
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Reminds me of Bernie Sanders meeting [baby Sanders](http://i.imgur.com/XPD94pa.jpg).		Better yet, when Pope met [baby Pope](https://youtu.be/_i2PnmEY5-A?t=37).
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?I'm gonna miss him so much. :(		And I'm not even American. Can I still miss him?
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Imagine how fucking cool this kid is gonna feel when he's old enough to comprehend that the *President of the United States* wanted a picture with *him.*
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?/r/youseeingthisshit		Hey, it does have an unwholesome name, but the content is wholesome to the max!		Edit: Don't post this one, since it is a repost on that sub.
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?In the first picture, I can almost hear Obama saying "OMG look at this! Eh, eh?"
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?This post has reached the top 100 of /r/all! Congratulations OP, and welcome new friendos!!! This is just a quick reminder for new folks to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar) Be sure to abide by **Rule 4:**		>Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		If you are new here, consider subscribing to get more friendly content! We hope you enjoy your stay. :) You can also [follow our official Twitter here.](https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes)		
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?I don't agree with Obama's policies and think he could have utilized his time as president better, but I think he's a good person and wish him the best. :)
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?He was such a cool president. You should elect more relatively young ones, they're much more fun. 
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?I love this meme! He is a fun Halloween president. 'Member [this](https://youtu.be/u5IRfyHpXOI), too?
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?I never, ever stop thinking about this set of images.
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?r/ThanksObama
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Man he's such a dad haha
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?You made us laugh, you encouraged us, and most importantly you never stopped giving %100. Thank you for your service. You will be missed. 
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?"Michelle! Michelle! Do you see this shit?! He's dressed as the Pope!"
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?I 'member! 
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Don't remind me he's leaving! 
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Oh man. I am going to miss him so much. He was an outstanding  POTUS. 
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?D'awww!
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?This is hilarious!
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Top left picture: Obama: "Michelle, you see this sh*t!?"
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?Who wouldn't!
'Member that time Obama lost it when he saw the baby in the popemobile?As much as I don't like his policies, he's a good man. 
Holy macaroni guys, what on Earth happened here? I know you can't see most of it now, but it took four of us mods to clean up this comment section and I am sad to say I have to lock it. 		So much fighting and nastiness.		This isn't /r/politics, friendos, it's /r/wholesomememes. Enjoy the meme for what it is, or hit the "hide" button on this post and move on. This isn't the place for heated political discussion even if the POTUS is the subject of the meme.		Anyway thanks for coming to our community, have a great day![mods are ruining reddit!](http://i.imgur.com/m1p4CYA.gifv)
"Michelle! Michelle! Get a load of this! Take our picture, this is going on my desk."This is exactly what happens. Theres a video of him giving out candy, and at one point a guy dressed as a duck with a broken wing comes over.		He goes "Michelle! Michelle look! Lame duck! Look Michelle, he's a lame duck, how funny is that!"
"Michelle! Michelle! Get a load of this! Take our picture, this is going on my desk.""MICHELLE DON'T YOU GET IT? HE LOOKS LIKE THE FREAKIN POPE! WE MET THAT DUDE JUST THE OTHER DAY!"
I never really thought about it, but he's met the Pope (both Ratzenberg and Francis) multiple times.		We see "baby dressed as celebrity", he sees "baby dressed Fred from Accounting". That makes it even funnier.> Ratzenberg 		_
I never really thought about it, but he's met the Pope (both Ratzenberg and Francis) multiple times.		We see "baby dressed as celebrity", he sees "baby dressed Fred from Accounting". That makes it even funnier.It's crazy how some humans live on such larger scales than most, but still deal with regular human stuff like thinking a baby is funny or having to poop and trying to calculate how long you can hold it until you find an appropriate time and location.
I never really thought about it, but he's met the Pope (both Ratzenberg and Francis) multiple times.		We see "baby dressed as celebrity", he sees "baby dressed Fred from Accounting". That makes it even funnier.For what it's worth, the Pope Emeritus is still referred to as Benedict. 		I believe he prefers Father Benedict. 
I never really thought about it, but he's met the Pope (both Ratzenberg and Francis) multiple times.		We see "baby dressed as celebrity", he sees "baby dressed Fred from Accounting". That makes it even funnier.No he sees the baby dressed as the pope. 
Made me lol!	Id like to see more images like this floating around 	I love that baby-pope has a bodyguard who looks like he'd dive infront of a nerf dart for him.
Made me lol!	Id like to see more images like this floating around 	You might enjoy this then		m.imgur.com/gallery/hAUjD
The more I learn about Obama as a person, the more I feel like I'll really miss that guy. He's one of the few presidents I'd just want to chill with, as a person.Dinner with Barack and Michelle, and drinks with Joe and George. That's a fun presidential evening.		Edit: It's been pointed out to me that neither Joe nor George actually drinks. I should confess that I don't either. Still, I stand by the spirit of my post.
The more I learn about Obama as a person, the more I feel like I'll really miss that guy. He's one of the few presidents I'd just want to chill with, as a person.Although not a fan, i feel like Bush was the type you can sit down and have a beer with
The more I learn about Obama as a person, the more I feel like I'll really miss that guy. He's one of the few presidents I'd just want to chill with, as a person.Just sitting and eating cookies with milk from too small glasses
Obama cannot keep his chill around kids. Awwbama
Reminds me of Bernie Sanders meeting [baby Sanders](http://i.imgur.com/XPD94pa.jpg).		Better yet, when Pope met [baby Pope](https://youtu.be/_i2PnmEY5-A?t=37)."The pope says that the baby is his now."
I'm gonna miss him so much. :(		And I'm not even American. Can I still miss him?I'm from the UK, and not gonna lie - I'm thinking of asking for a transfer. I mean, it's not like the US are actually *using* him or anything, I'm sure we could set him, Michelle and Joe up in a nice little London flat share.		
I'm gonna miss him so much. :(		And I'm not even American. Can I still miss him?They're the best family we've ever had in the white house 
I'm gonna miss him so much. :(		And I'm not even American. Can I still miss him?Yes.
I'm gonna miss him so much. :(		And I'm not even American. Can I still miss him?Canadian here, I'm already beginning to miss him tbh.
I'm gonna miss him so much. :(		And I'm not even American. Can I still miss him?I'm Canadian and I'm really going to miss him too.
In the first picture, I can almost hear Obama saying "OMG look at this! Eh, eh?"["It's the Pope... In the popemobile"](https://i.imgur.com/saueSxl.gifv) 
I don't agree with Obama's policies and think he could have utilized his time as president better, but I think he's a good person and wish him the best. :)It's nice to see things like this that show you that no matter how good or evil you think X politician to be, we're all just people.
He was such a cool president. You should elect more relatively young ones, they're much more fun. [removed]
I 'member! Ooh, yeah, I 'member! 
[removed][removed]
[removed]Go away.
[mods are ruining reddit!](http://i.imgur.com/m1p4CYA.gifv)Hey, posting mod comments just because the lock doesn't apply to you is an abuse of power!
This is exactly what happens. Theres a video of him giving out candy, and at one point a guy dressed as a duck with a broken wing comes over.		He goes "Michelle! Michelle look! Lame duck! Look Michelle, he's a lame duck, how funny is that!"Do you have a link to that?
This is exactly what happens. Theres a video of him giving out candy, and at one point a guy dressed as a duck with a broken wing comes over.		He goes "Michelle! Michelle look! Lame duck! Look Michelle, he's a lame duck, how funny is that!"When he sees the baby-Pope in his baby-Pope-mobile, he does lose it. 		He laughs his ass off, and then looks over at Michelle and he's like "Michelle! Look! He's the Pope!" and continues laughing. 
> Ratzenberg 		_Sorry, Ratzinger. I was *sure* it was Ratzenberg.
It's crazy how some humans live on such larger scales than most, but still deal with regular human stuff like thinking a baby is funny or having to poop and trying to calculate how long you can hold it until you find an appropriate time and location.I wonder how many state of the union addresses have been secretly accompanied by frantic prairie-dogging.
It's crazy how some humans live on such larger scales than most, but still deal with regular human stuff like thinking a baby is funny or having to poop and trying to calculate how long you can hold it until you find an appropriate time and location.When it gets to that point, it really does just feel like any other colleague. I'm no where near President of the States level, but I do get to interact with some famous DJs, and yah, just people. 		A tip on that note! When you meet a famous person, try to treat them as you would anyone else. Some mentions of how much you like their work isn't a bad thing, but keep that bit short. Ask about their travels or where you know they are from, something you would ask any other person you meet on the street. You'll build a lot more rapport that way and walk away feeling like you made a connection :). Part of that is recognizing when they are too tired for a chat, of course. Gotta remember these people live on crazy schedules and travel is exhausting. 
Dinner with Barack and Michelle, and drinks with Joe and George. That's a fun presidential evening.		Edit: It's been pointed out to me that neither Joe nor George actually drinks. I should confess that I don't either. Still, I stand by the spirit of my post.Fairly sure George has been sober for a while. I think he had some dependency issues with the stuff. 
Although not a fan, i feel like Bush was the type you can sit down and have a beer withBush felt like the sort of guy who was really devoted to his country, even if he had the wrong ideas about it. I remember seeing a post about a year back about his showing up for jury duty despite being a former president.
Although not a fan, i feel like Bush was the type you can sit down and have a beer withAs much as I disagreed with a lot of what he said/did, I still stand by those polls that showed Bush as being the President people most wanted to sit down and have a beer with. 		As much as I love Obama and agree with a lot of what he does/says, I feel like I would be too intimidated and/or he'd be too "Presidential" to have a casual drink with. I've no idea obviously, but George Bush just seemed like a regular old chuckle-buddy whereas Barrack Obama seems like your boss who is a nice guy and has a sense of humour... but you can never forget that he's still your boss so you've gotta keep yourself in check when talking to him.		...these are not the things I should be spending my time thinking about when it comes to politics.
Although not a fan, i feel like Bush was the type you can sit down and have a beer withExcept he doesn't drink. 
Although not a fan, i feel like Bush was the type you can sit down and have a beer withBush beer, Obama weed.		In fact scratch that, I bet Bush would be very fun high.
[removed][removed]
I'm from the UK, and not gonna lie - I'm thinking of asking for a transfer. I mean, it's not like the US are actually *using* him or anything, I'm sure we could set him, Michelle and Joe up in a nice little London flat share.		Can I come? I don't eat much and mostly care for myself. 
I'm from the UK, and not gonna lie - I'm thinking of asking for a transfer. I mean, it's not like the US are actually *using* him or anything, I'm sure we could set him, Michelle and Joe up in a nice little London flat share.		Sorry UK, pretty sure if he goes anywhere it'll be with his Canadian bromance partner. Obams + JT 4 eva
I'm from the UK, and not gonna lie - I'm thinking of asking for a transfer. I mean, it's not like the US are actually *using* him or anything, I'm sure we could set him, Michelle and Joe up in a nice little London flat share.		Hey its me Michelle and Joe 
I'm from the UK, and not gonna lie - I'm thinking of asking for a transfer. I mean, it's not like the US are actually *using* him or anything, I'm sure we could set him, Michelle and Joe up in a nice little London flat share.		How dare you try and steal him from us chicagoans, we are his rightful home!
[removed][removed]
Hey, posting mod comments just because the lock doesn't apply to you is an abuse of power!http://i.imgur.com/iIFOEDE.gifv
Do you have a link to that?[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) 
Do you have a link to that?https://m.imgur.com/ELIrAze?r
Sorry, Ratzinger. I was *sure* it was Ratzenberg.i love that you made the pope jewish
I wonder how many state of the union addresses have been secretly accompanied by frantic prairie-dogging.Or how many times has he spoken in front of an audience while thinking...		"I really should have wiped my ass better this morning, it's itching."
I wonder how many state of the union addresses have been secretly accompanied by frantic prairie-dogging."You can't see it under the desk, but I just peed my pants."
When it gets to that point, it really does just feel like any other colleague. I'm no where near President of the States level, but I do get to interact with some famous DJs, and yah, just people. 		A tip on that note! When you meet a famous person, try to treat them as you would anyone else. Some mentions of how much you like their work isn't a bad thing, but keep that bit short. Ask about their travels or where you know they are from, something you would ask any other person you meet on the street. You'll build a lot more rapport that way and walk away feeling like you made a connection :). Part of that is recognizing when they are too tired for a chat, of course. Gotta remember these people live on crazy schedules and travel is exhausting. Yeah, I don't mean to say they *aren't* regular people, it just seems interesting to be considering policy changes that could impact the country or the world, and then have the shift in mindset to what you're going to eat or something more mundane. I wouldn't know how to prioritize these things, but I suppose positions like POTUS age people due to the stress of it all and prioritizing work over health.		I haven't met or tried to meet anyone famous, but I would hope I'd just treat them like regular people. 
Fairly sure George has been sober for a while. I think he had some dependency issues with the stuff. Good to hear! That's extremely wholesome.
Fairly sure George has been sober for a while. I think he had some dependency issues with the stuff. I thought Joe didn't drink either. 
As much as I disagreed with a lot of what he said/did, I still stand by those polls that showed Bush as being the President people most wanted to sit down and have a beer with. 		As much as I love Obama and agree with a lot of what he does/says, I feel like I would be too intimidated and/or he'd be too "Presidential" to have a casual drink with. I've no idea obviously, but George Bush just seemed like a regular old chuckle-buddy whereas Barrack Obama seems like your boss who is a nice guy and has a sense of humour... but you can never forget that he's still your boss so you've gotta keep yourself in check when talking to him.		...these are not the things I should be spending my time thinking about when it comes to politics.With how hostile politics can be, there's nothing wrong with thinking about the happy side of it. :)
Except he doesn't drink. My favorite pictures of GWB are of him totally entranced by female volleyball players.  He seems to have had a few beers as well. 		http://timesonline.typepad.com/photos/uncategorized/2008/08/11/bush_volleyball.jpg		
Can I come? I don't eat much and mostly care for myself. Are you a cat? I'm sure they can set you up if you let them pet you.
Sorry UK, pretty sure if he goes anywhere it'll be with his Canadian bromance partner. Obams + JT 4 evaI feel like that's less of a bromance and more just JT sending lots of unanswered texts and wistfully looking at framed pictures of them together
http://i.imgur.com/iIFOEDE.gifvhttp://i.imgur.com/2ZlDfUo.gifv
[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) I cannot stop smiling at that video!		THAT'S POTUS!!
[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) The Superman kid is just too much... adorable!
[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) We might not all agree on his politics, and that is fine, but we can all agree that he is a heartwarming and fantastic man :)
[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) When it's Halloween 2017, you think Trump is just gonna bring in all the girls with the slutty costumes instead lmao
[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) Oh my god, that kid in the Superman costume is adorable. 
[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) Wow, I can't believe the transition we are about to have. Do you think Trump will do a Halloween line? Sad! 
[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) He's so charismatic! That's awesome. 
[here you go](https://youtu.be/XeFzDQCUjzE) Not a dick.	
https://m.imgur.com/ELIrAze?rDick.
i love that you made the pope jewishI'm imagining Mel Brooks dressed as the Pope now.		"I'm infallible? Do I need to wear diapers for that?"
i love that you made the pope jewishI love you. 
i love that you made the pope jewish[deleted]
i love that you made the pope jewishGerman isn't the same as Jewish. 
i love that you made the pope jewishEspecially considering what Ratzinger was a part of in his younger days...		Edit: Damn, that's not very wholesome...
Good to hear! That's extremely wholesome.I agree! Glad he's doing well
I thought Joe didn't drink either. He doesn't, but he's a big fan of ice cream cones. I think getting an ice cream cone with Joe Biden would be clutch.
My favorite pictures of GWB are of him totally entranced by female volleyball players.  He seems to have had a few beers as well. 		http://timesonline.typepad.com/photos/uncategorized/2008/08/11/bush_volleyball.jpg		GOAT
Are you a cat? I'm sure they can set you up if you let them pet you.I am cat-like. =\^-\^=		I'm down with getting pet. :)
Not if Trump has anything to say about it.I don't see how trump is going to do anything about it.
I cannot stop smiling at that video!		THAT'S POTUS!!Not for long :(
The Superman kid is just too much... adorable!If he's Golden Age Superman, that might just be one of his powers.
When it's Halloween 2017, you think Trump is just gonna bring in all the girls with the slutty costumes instead lmaoIt'll be like the playboy mansion parties lol, full of D list celebs
Wow, I can't believe the transition we are about to have. Do you think Trump will do a Halloween line? Sad! He'd try to have supermen deported for being an illegal alien. 
Wow, I can't believe the transition we are about to have. Do you think Trump will do a Halloween line? Sad! Even if he did it wouldn't be nearly as adorable and charming
Dick.Yeah, I was expecting a duck. 
Dick.You knew what it was but still clicked
I love you. Thank you for reminding me that I was at /r/wholesomememes, I almost forgot! I hope you have a nice day :D
Especially considering what Ratzinger was a part of in his younger days...		Edit: Damn, that's not very wholesome...dunno about wholesome, but it is whole. always gotta take the good with the bad. it's what makes us human.
Ratzinberg would just be Ratzen city or castle where as Ratzinger would just be from ratzen Almost. Berg is a hill or a mountain and Ratzinger would be a guy from Ratzing(en) (not sure if that even exists). /edit: There's indeed a number of towns called Ratzing in Bavaria. 
He doesn't, but he's a big fan of ice cream cones. I think getting an ice cream cone with Joe Biden would be clutch.There are certain things men must do to remain men.
Not for long :(But for at least 4 more years in my heart
Not for long :(We all gonna need this sub the next 4 years
He'd try to have supermen deported for being an illegal alien. "Batman was right! I knew, he knew it. Terrible!" 
But for at least 4 more years in my heartIn my heart, we've abolished term limits, and everyone is happy about it. Really gonna miss this guy leading America.
[removed][removed]
