:)I'd still give him an A!
:)That's no exam, it's regular class, the dude is teaching and people have notebooks and phones out. This just means the pup probably gets to nap like that every day in class :)
:)Sleep tight, pupper.
:)Aw! I saw one where the college let the puppo graduate too, since he'd attended all the classes. It was adorable. 
:)Oh no...he's gonna miss the 'pup' quiz!
:)shoutout UCBMFET 
:)Is that like a service pupper? Do colleges allow service puppers?! WHERE DO I GO FOR A SERVICE PUPPER?!?!?!?!!?!!?
:)That pupper feels heckin tired from studying his other classes. Him doesn't give a bork about him physics exam cause he holdin an A in that class. 
:)good boi but bad student
:)My god, I wouldn't learn a *damned* thing sitting behind/next to that pupper. Which is not to imply that the pupper shouldn't be allowed in class; that would be my own failing. And an excellent failing it is.
:):)
:)You guys realize pupper means boobs in Norwegian ?
:)This picture is in pimentel hall at UC Berkeley if you guys are curious 
:)Puppers at rest stay at rest until acted upon by a net external boop
:)That's a funny way to take an exam, with a lecturer, and note-taking, and phones out
:)Why is there a dog in the class?
:)They had to ban all dogs in the uc system because too many fucking people would bring dogs to class and they'd start barking at each other and shit. They seriously need to ban these dogs everywhere. I own two dogs and love them to death but I would never put them in a situation where they become a hindrance.		This will be downvoted to hell (if anyone actually reads it, which is never for me) because, oooh cute dog.		But yes, this is a real problem at a lot of schools.
This post has reached the top 100 of /r/all! Congratulations OP, and welcome new friendos!!! This is just a quick reminder for new folks to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar) Be sure to abide by **Rule 4:**		>Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		If you are new here, consider subscribing to get more friendly content! We hope you enjoy your stay. :) You can also [follow our official Twitter here.](https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes)		I like you
I'd still give him an A!For adorable
That's no exam, it's regular class, the dude is teaching and people have notebooks and phones out. This just means the pup probably gets to nap like that every day in class :)nah, it's the pupper's physics exam. s/he's being tested on the law of napping.
That's no exam, it's regular class, the dude is teaching and people have notebooks and phones out. This just means the pup probably gets to nap like that every day in class :)Last semester in my evidence law class, one student's service dog would snore loudly throughout the entire lecture. On the first day of classes when no one could see him, everyone wondered where that mystery snore was coming from but we were all too polite to look around. It was hilarious when we discovered who it was. 
That's no exam, it's regular class, the dude is teaching and people have notebooks and phones out. This just means the pup probably gets to nap like that every day in class :).
That's no exam, it's regular class, the dude is teaching and people have notebooks and phones out. This just means the pup probably gets to nap like that every day in class :)That's also not a meme, nor is it really wholesome. That's a nice lil pupper though.
Sleep tight, pupper.Such a good pupper.
Sleep tight, pupper.What's a pupper?
Aw! I saw one where the college let the puppo graduate too, since he'd attended all the classes. It was adorable. Next you'll see the dog applying for a job but because of speciesm the interviewer won't believe doggo has a bachelors degree.
Aw! I saw one where the college let the puppo graduate too, since he'd attended all the classes. It was adorable. [Link](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/05/johns-hopkins-masters-degree-dog_n_3875440.html) :)		Edit: thank you /u/IllTeachYouToTeachMe for the correction :)))
Aw! I saw one where the college let the puppo graduate too, since he'd attended all the classes. It was adorable. Now I have to see a dog walking at graduation. I didn't know I needed that in my life but I do.			edit; omg http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/05/johns-hopkins-masters-degree-dog_n_3875440.html
Oh no...he's gonna miss the 'pup' quiz!Nice pun!
Oh no...he's gonna miss the 'pup' quiz!To be fair he looks dog tired.
shoutout UCBMFET That's what I've been looking for
shoutout UCBMFET There are dozens of us. DOZENS!
Is that like a service pupper? Do colleges allow service puppers?! WHERE DO I GO FOR A SERVICE PUPPER?!?!?!?!!?!!?Almost all colleges have to allow service puppers. There's a blind guy on my campus with a BEAUTIFUL German Shepard guide doggo. I say hi every time I see him and he lets me pet her, it's seriously the best thing ever
Is that like a service pupper? Do colleges allow service puppers?! WHERE DO I GO FOR A SERVICE PUPPER?!?!?!?!!?!!?This is a lecture hall at UC Berkeley. The school allows both service dogs and emotional support animals so you can have a service pupper there :)
Is that like a service pupper? Do colleges allow service puppers?! WHERE DO I GO FOR A SERVICE PUPPER?!?!?!?!!?!!?Anywhere you can take a wheel chair, you can take a service pupper according to the Americans with disabilities Act :)
Is that like a service pupper? Do colleges allow service puppers?! WHERE DO I GO FOR A SERVICE PUPPER?!?!?!?!!?!!?It's am emotional support animal most likely. Go to a doctor and pay him 50 bucks, and you too can have your "trained" dog in your classes.
good boi but bad studentNo student is "bad". They just need more support and guidance than others (:
My god, I wouldn't learn a *damned* thing sitting behind/next to that pupper. Which is not to imply that the pupper shouldn't be allowed in class; that would be my own failing. And an excellent failing it is.The best way to fail a class really
You guys realize pupper means boobs in Norwegian ?That doesn't change the fact that I still love puppers
You guys realize pupper means boobs in Norwegian ?What does that make r/rarepuppers? Seldom Boobs? Never Tits? 
You guys realize pupper means boobs in Norwegian ?Sweater-puppies :D
Why is there a dog in the class?He's wearing a vest, so likely in training to be a service dog when he grows older.		When they are puppies, they get foster homes, and taken wherever they go to get used to different environments.		No touching when they have the vest on, because they're "working"!  But when the vest comes off, love them all you like. :)
They had to ban all dogs in the uc system because too many fucking people would bring dogs to class and they'd start barking at each other and shit. They seriously need to ban these dogs everywhere. I own two dogs and love them to death but I would never put them in a situation where they become a hindrance.		This will be downvoted to hell (if anyone actually reads it, which is never for me) because, oooh cute dog.		But yes, this is a real problem at a lot of schools.That is probably a work dog
For adorableAnd for amazing :)
For adorableAwesome pupperness		Edit: It starts with an a now
nah, it's the pupper's physics exam. s/he's being tested on the law of napping.Puppers at rest tend to stay at rest
nah, it's the pupper's physics exam. s/he's being tested on the law of napping.Am professor. The pupper passed.
Last semester in my evidence law class, one student's service dog would snore loudly throughout the entire lecture. On the first day of classes when no one could see him, everyone wondered where that mystery snore was coming from but we were all too polite to look around. It was hilarious when we discovered who it was. Oh that's so cute! I have a Labrador friend and she snores and twitch her little small paws in her sleep, and I can lie for minutes just looking at her until she wakes up, looks at me and sticks out her little tongue and fall asleep again. Oh how she melts my heart. 
.What's a pupper?
That's also not a meme, nor is it really wholesome. That's a nice lil pupper though.All puppers are wholesome, what are you talking about?
Such a good pupper.They're good dogs, brent
What's a pupper?A little doggo
Next you'll see the dog applying for a job but because of speciesm the interviewer won't believe doggo has a bachelors degree.don't you mean a *borkelors* degree
[Link](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/09/05/johns-hopkins-masters-degree-dog_n_3875440.html) :)		Edit: thank you /u/IllTeachYouToTeachMe for the correction :)))404
Almost all colleges have to allow service puppers. There's a blind guy on my campus with a BEAUTIFUL German Shepard guide doggo. I say hi every time I see him and he lets me pet her, it's seriously the best thing everMinus the whole being blind part, right?
Almost all colleges have to allow service puppers. There's a blind guy on my campus with a BEAUTIFUL German Shepard guide doggo. I say hi every time I see him and he lets me pet her, it's seriously the best thing everAdditionally, many colleges have programs where students train guide dogs on campus. It's a great way for the dogs to get used to being around large crowds and following a day to day routine with the owner. Plus who doesn't like seeing guide dog training puppies when you're on the way to class?
This is a lecture hall at UC Berkeley. The school allows both service dogs and emotional support animals so you can have a service pupper there :)My friend had two emotional support chinchillas who got to live in her dorm with her, which was truly awesome.		I've always found it hilarious though, since I've owned chinchillas and while I loved them to death they're not what I would call "emotional support" animals. Little assholes with fur is what they are. 
This is a lecture hall at UC Berkeley. The school allows both service dogs and emotional support animals so you can have a service pupper there :)Uhh how does one receive an emotional support animal? Cause I could do with an emotional support zoo
No student is "bad". They just need more support and guidance than others (:[deleted]
That doesn't change the fact that I still love puppersMy thoughts exactly. Plus I'll never stop calling them puppers, doggos and pupperonies. 
That doesn't change the fact that I still love puppersIf anything I just love them more
What does that make r/rarepuppers? Seldom Boobs? Never Tits? Rare actually means weird. Making an interesting subreddit
[removed]This comment isn't wholesome at all!
And for amazing :)And for being a-dog
Awesome pupperness		Edit: It starts with an a nowNo that doesn't begin with an A 
Puppers at rest tend to stay at restI don't know what kind of puppers you have that stay at rest. You might wanna get that checked out
Puppers at rest tend to stay at restDoggos at rest will stay at rest unless acted upon by a large enough bork
Oh that's so cute! I have a Labrador friend and she snores and twitch her little small paws in her sleep, and I can lie for minutes just looking at her until she wakes up, looks at me and sticks out her little tongue and fall asleep again. Oh how she melts my heart. This particular service dog is a black lab! I have to try my hardest not to look at him in class because I just wanna squeal and pet him but he's soooooo professional at "work" I can't ruin it :-(
What's a pupper?a subwoofer!
What's a pupper?It's a puppy. Or small young dog :)
They're good dogs, brentAll dogs go to Physics
They're good dogs, brentDoes anyone have the link to this reference?  I love it so much, :)
Tired and played out ?That's not very wholesome of you.
don't you mean a *borkelors* degreePHDog
404[deleted]
Minus the whole being blind part, right?If being blind means I get to have my dog around with me 24/7 then perhaps I wouldn't mind it.
My thoughts exactly. Plus I'll never stop calling them puppers, doggos and pupperonies. I call my son "pupperoni"
Rare actually means weird. Making an interesting subreddit/r/weirdboobs
And for being a-dogA good dog! 
No that doesn't begin with an A "And" starts with A :)
I don't know what kind of puppers you have that stay at rest. You might wanna get that checked outIt's a quantum pupper!
This particular service dog is a black lab! I have to try my hardest not to look at him in class because I just wanna squeal and pet him but he's soooooo professional at "work" I can't ruin it :-(If you befriend the owner you might get to play with him on downtime ;) plus you'll make a new friend :D
All dogs go to PhysicsAll physics go to dogs
Does anyone have the link to this reference?  I love it so much, :)[Stay wholesome :)](http://i.imgur.com/gQXRh9u.jpg)
[removed]A big ol pupper!
[removed]A doggo is a big pupper, friendo :)
That's not very wholesome of you.Depends. Tired and played out after a day at the park?
PHDogSumma cum Labrador 
If being blind means I get to have my dog around with me 24/7 then perhaps I wouldn't mind it.Really?
If being blind means I get to have my dog around with me 24/7 then perhaps I wouldn't mind it.that can be arranged
I call my son "pupperoni"So in Norway his name is boobaroni.
/r/weirdboobsOf course that's a thing...
A good dog! He knows he's a Good Boy. 
"And" starts with A :)Aw there you go you got me	
It's a quantum pupper! Schrodengeer pupper! (Forgive my spelling! :0)
[Stay wholesome :)](http://i.imgur.com/gQXRh9u.jpg)Thank you so much!! I saved it so I never lose it <3
A big ol pupper!For extra credit, what's a big ol doggo?
Depends. Tired and played out after a day at the park?You're redeemed. Have a nice day (or night, depending on where you are)!
that can be arrangedI like the way you think 
that can be arrangedWell you are a doctor_
Nowadays you can just get one for anxiety. A girl I went to college with got a shrink to sign off on it and the school permitted it. She openly admitted she didn't have any real issues but just wanted to bring her dog with her everywhere. That kinda makes me mad that she takes advantage of that when there are people with real anxiety issues not being taken seriously because of people like her.
Nowadays you can just get one for anxiety. A girl I went to college with got a shrink to sign off on it and the school permitted it. She openly admitted she didn't have any real issues but just wanted to bring her dog with her everywhere. Or she's just too embarrassed to be honest with people about her condition...
So in Norway his name is boobaroni.That's his legal first name.
So in Norway his name is boobaroni.Technically "booboni"
Aw there you go you got me	"Aw" starts with A, good job friend :)
 Schrodengeer pupper! (Forgive my spelling! :0)Almost! S(c)hrdinger.
For extra credit, what's a big ol doggo?A woofer!
"Aw" starts with A, good job friend :)I actually love this sub
Almost! S(c)hrdinger.Almost!  Here, you can have my "c".
A woofer!What's a water doggo?
I actually love this subI actually love you 
What's a water doggo?Subwoofer!
I actually love you Aww, I love you too bud ;D
