Wholesome sushi man :)This is adorable and your uncle looks like a nice, positive guy.
Wholesome sushi man :)I like everything about this picture. But I am in /r/wholesomememes so I usually like everything about the posts here. 
Wholesome sushi man :)Sushi uncle looks so happy to be made out of sushi. 
Wholesome sushi man :)Ginger hands and dried seaweed for the crew neck trim. Great attention to detail.
Wholesome sushi man :)That's amazing, I would not be able to eat it.
Wholesome sushi man :)sushi lookin like drake
Wholesome sushi man :)That is fantastic 
Wholesome sushi man :)He did a good job at it too!
Wholesome sushi man :)That's pure art. What a good time.
Wholesome sushi man :)See this is truly wholesome
Wholesome sushi man :)Ah! What nice skill there. That's really cool!
Wholesome sushi man :)He even gave him some hair. Not sure what he meant, but ill take it as hope! 
Wholesome sushi man :)Wow great post. Thank you!
Wholesome sushi man :)Jamal Dreams of Sushi
Wholesome sushi man :)Which one is your uncle?
Wholesome sushi man :)I can't be the only one that sees drake in that sushi
Wholesome sushi man :)I wish somebody liked me like that
This is adorable and your uncle looks like a nice, positive guy.This is adorable and your uncle looks like a rice man.
This is adorable and your uncle looks like a nice, positive guy.He looks like a very chill guy. Like the guy who always tries to help you
This is adorable and your uncle looks like a nice, positive guy.You're adorable and look like a nice positive human being :)		Edit: grammarz
I like everything about this picture. But I am in /r/wholesomememes so I usually like everything about the posts here. Everything is just like a feel good oasis here. It's intoxicating and gives me hope for humanity.
I like everything about this picture. But I am in /r/wholesomememes so I usually like everything about the posts here. Maybe we should take this outlook onto more things outside this sub and hopefully the world gets a bit birghter
I like everything about this picture. But I am in /r/wholesomememes so I usually like everything about the posts here. [deleted]
I like everything about this picture. But I am in /r/wholesomememes so I usually like everything about the posts here. Hijacking the top comment to provide the [original credit](https://twitter.com/odysseypeach/status/820392068627447808), since whoever took this screenshot didn't leave the name in. As much as we'd like him to be ours, it's her lucky uncle. 
Sushi uncle looks so happy to be made out of sushi. Sushi uncle is my favorite thing now 
Sushi uncle looks so happy to be made out of sushi. Your comment was really cute and it made me laugh out loud :) 
Ginger hands and dried seaweed for the crew neck trim. Great attention to detail.Like almost anything the Japanese make, simply brilliant.
That's amazing, I would not be able to eat it.Same here. 		50% because of the time, effort, and love that went into making it being destroyed in one bite		50% because the thought of eating an effigy of myself is disturbing to me
sushi lookin like drakeIt's Succi Mane
sushi lookin like drakeYea lol or black Jesus.
That is fantastic You are fantastic
I wish somebody liked me like thatThat somebody is probably thinking the same thing right now, you just have to go find each other!
This is adorable and your uncle looks like a rice man.Uncle: 10/10		Uncle with rice: 20/10
This is adorable and your uncle looks like a rice man.7/7 as man. 8/7 as rice.
He looks like a very chill guy. Like the guy who always tries to help youHe looks like that math teacher in high school with a really great sense of humor who the kids all look up to and adore.
You're adorable and look like a nice positive human being :)		Edit: grammarzHey, just wanted to point out that you used "your" instead of "you're."  Happens to the best of us! 
Everything is just like a feel good oasis here. It's intoxicating and gives me hope for humanity.You give me hope for humanity my friend. I hope there are others that get to share in the joy you bring to life!
Everything is just like a feel good oasis here. It's intoxicating and gives me hope for humanity.This sub is a life raft  in the vast ocean of the internet. 
Everything is just like a feel good oasis here. It's intoxicating and gives me hope for humanity.we need more subreddits like this. side note: you can tell OPs dad is the nicest guy in the world 
Sushi uncle is my favorite thing now Did he eat it though?  I want to know how sushi uncle tasted.  He looks delicious, esp with some soy sauce.		Edit:  the sushi, not the uncle.  I'm sure the uncle tastes great with or without soy sauce.  Edit 2:  Actually, probably better with soy sauce.  OP, does your uncle taste better with or without soy sauce?
Sushi uncle is my favorite thing now Sushi Uncles is my new band name
Sushi uncle is my favorite thing now I love it. Also love Uncle Sushi
Your comment was really cute and it made me laugh out loud :) I am glad. 
Same here. 		50% because of the time, effort, and love that went into making it being destroyed in one bite		50% because the thought of eating an effigy of myself is disturbing to meMaybe if you eat an effigy of yourself, you become a stronger more perfect version of you. Like Cell from DBZ but with less androids and more sushi.
Yea lol or black Jesus.Especially how holding the bowl kinda makes it look like a Nativity scene.
You are fantasticNo u 
Uncle: 10/10		Uncle with rice: 20/10Spicy 
7/7 as man. 8/7 as rice.5/7 perfect score
7/7 as man. 8/7 as rice.4 mana 7/7. No counterplay
Hey, just wanted to point out that you used "your" instead of "you're."  Happens to the best of us! Good job with the positive and helpful correction! That just made me smile:)
You give me hope for humanity my friend. I hope there are others that get to share in the joy you bring to life!I've gone full Tempura over this!
[removed]What an unnecessarily negative comment on a wholesome post.
Did he eat it though?  I want to know how sushi uncle tasted.  He looks delicious, esp with some soy sauce.		Edit:  the sushi, not the uncle.  I'm sure the uncle tastes great with or without soy sauce.  Edit 2:  Actually, probably better with soy sauce.  OP, does your uncle taste better with or without soy sauce?9/10 with rice
[removed]The Japanese people themselves actually voted instant noodles as the #1 Japanese invention of the 20th century.
[removed]Hey now friendo, that's not a very wholesome way of thinking. Cheer up, even ramen can bring smiles :)
[removed]I ate too much instant ramen in my life to enjoy it now, but if someone enjoys it why would it be bad? c:           	Edit: wow just looked at op's comment, /r/wholesomememes is surprisingly brutal with the downvotes. Ramen is serious business. 
No u we are all fantastic on this BLESSED day :)
5/7 perfect score7/5 hyperfect score
Good job with the positive and helpful correction! That just made me smile:)God I love this sub. You are all wonderful people.
I've gone full Tempura over this!Youve got the secret power...of Unagi
What an unnecessarily negative comment on a wholesome post.I agree but that won't stop my upvote!
9/10 with rice10/10 with rice and soy sauce thank you for your suggestion 
9/10 with riceThat's the first time this joke has ever made logical sense!
The Japanese people themselves actually voted instant noodles as the #1 Japanese invention of the 20th century.Of all the things they came up with.		Go figure.
Hey now friendo, that's not a very wholesome way of thinking. Cheer up, even ramen can bring smiles :)Ramen brought lots of smiles when i was in college...		Pack of 12 for $2?! YES
God I love this sub. You are all wonderful people.You too :)
God I love this sub. You are all wonderful people.Its all fake. Fake it till you make it guys,  i believe you can truly become nice people
Youve got the secret power...of UnagiUnagi is so damn good!
[removed]Regardless I still wish you the very best, friend, and I hope you have a wonderful night :)
Speak for yourself.Well, I think you are fantastic. 
Its all fake. Fake it till you make it guys,  i believe you can truly become nice peopleYou know, we really have a hard time changing brain chemistry, but we have some choices in how we act and speak. Maybe acting happy seems less genuine, but those are the people making a conscious choice to make happiness and spread it as best they can. That seems pretty genuine to me. 
Unagi is so damn good!*You* are so damn good.
Regardless I still wish you the very best, friend, and I hope you have a wonderful night :)A phenomenally positive attitude, I hope you have a wonderful night as well.
Well, I think you are fantastic. Oh Lucifer, stop it you!
You know, we really have a hard time changing brain chemistry, but we have some choices in how we act and speak. Maybe acting happy seems less genuine, but those are the people making a conscious choice to make happiness and spread it as best they can. That seems pretty genuine to me. PLUS emotions are, to some extent, things you can practice *doing* rather than just letting them happen to you or ignoring them. And faking is one kind of practice! Being fake nice and getting positive, uplifting reactions can help you be genuinely nice! And also happy. 
*You* are so damn good.You're so unagi!
I can't tell if everyone here just sits around licking each others' buttholes or I missed out on a joke.I think /r/wholesomememes just promotes positivity. 		Even if these compliments aren't genuine, it's a lot better to be nice to everyone than to have unnecessary Reddit drama.
I can't tell if everyone here just sits around licking each others' buttholes or I missed out on a joke.Now, now, there's no need to lick buttholes here. 		But if that's what you're into, I'm willing to do it, for you, friendo. 		 
