New HatAnd the farther of the year award goes to that guy!		Edit: father* 
New HatDid a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.
New HatIf he's a single dad he's gonna get ALL the ladies.
New Hat[deleted]
New HatMy hat brings all the ladies to the cube...
New HatI know the feeling. Currently wearing 10 different colours of nail varnish. My daughter wanted daddy to be pretty, and who am I to say no...		Edit for proof: http://imgur.com/a/WLifX
New HatGod I love this sub 
New HatI love this sub and you guys  
New HatKid's home made gifts are the best.   My favorite band is TMBG.  When my daughter was about 10, for fathers day she gave me piece of string and a "rock to wind the string around".   I'd go back into the burning house for that rock and string.		I also have two different pencil holders my sons made when they were in kindergarten.   OJ cans covered in red felt with a picture glued to it.  Both on my desk at work 25 years later!
New HatI wish I had a dad. 
New HatThis is beautiful. Thank you for making me smile :)
New HatHe became a pirate.
New HatMy son made me a tie for Father's Day because he saw a commercial that said dads wear ties. However, I don't wear a tie to work and he didn't have money so he made one and told me if I ever need one at work, I can use his. It is hung on my desk for Everyone to see. 
New HatHa reminds me of my dad with every stupid art project I gave him. Even as an adult he still loves my hand made Christmas gifts. God I love that man, I think I'll go tell him. :)
New HatSeen this before.. knew then ending... still couldn't stop a big smile. :D Thank you for my smile!
New HatMy Dad would have been 61 today. Though I've been thinking about him all day, nary a tear has been shed... until this damn cartoon came along and left me with all the feels. Here's to my Dad that wore that silly Mickey Mouse necktie all those years and to all those other good dads that proudly sport gifts from their kids. Cheers. 
New HatI'm so happy my comics keep making other people happy	So before I'm gone I'll be sure I'll be happy to leave this world knowing a small fraction of this planet smiled because of something I did, have an awesome life everyone!  
New HatMy Dad is dying of brain cancer right now, we don't expect him to live through the weekend. This hit me in the feels but in such a good way. My father was absolutely this man, is still this man and I will cherish that forever.
New HatWhen you are a loving father you wear everything your children give you with gleaming pride! Every goofy tie and hand made pin is just one more excuse to show off to the world how awesome your children are!
New HatWhat do you make of this? I dunno, a hat, a plane... 
New HatHey, today is my birthday too!		I hope everyone has a great day today!
New HatMy then gf now wife did something kind of like this for my father.  		We lived in a different town and it was honestly my first time being that far from my family.  Well, fathers day was coming up so my gf and I wore hockey jerseys representing his favorite teams and held up a note that said Wish We Were There.		This was almost 10 years ago and that picture is still hung up on the side of my mom and dads fridge.
New HatHe better be careful, those un-wholesome people must want to steal his hat.
And the farther of the year award goes to that guy!		Edit: father* Some say he's still going to this day!
And the farther of the year award goes to that guy!		Edit: father* Farter of the year. 
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.You nailed it.  *high five*
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.This made you look centred, caring and strong, well done!
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.Exactly.		No better feeling than wearing the father's day tie that your kids made to work.
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.Your daughter loves you and you wore a gift she gave you proudly. Who cares what anybody else thinks about it.
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.I'm always jealous of homemade gifts my coworkers wear or display.
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.I made my dad a tie with construction paper for Father's Day. He took off the one he had and put in mine and left for work with it. 		One of my very best memories 23 years later. 
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.High Five!
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.TIL They are called tongue depressors. Always thought they were just ice cream sticks. 
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.It's a bold move but if you pull it off it makes you look like a caring, reliable, family man.
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.What's a tongue depressor?
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.If anyone tried to mock you, they'd look like a monster. You annexed the high ground. This is the act of a seasoned strategist.
Did a presentation once in front of a room full of people in my profession. That morning my daughter gave me a flower she made on a tongue depressor and asked me to wear it for good luck. I put that in my shirt pocket sticking out for all to see and it generated the first question after the presentation. It may embarrass some people but I consider it winning at life.Love the replies. Put that comment in and then went off to do some work. Returns and bam, lots of love.
If he's a single dad he's gonna get ALL the ladies.Job - check 		Sees his child - check		Is a good dad - check 		Rocking that dad bod - check		Looks like he will be drowning in it. 
If he's a single dad he's gonna get ALL the ladies.And if he isn't, he's likely in a happy marriage with a lovely family :)
My hat brings all the ladies to the cube...And they're like can he make me one too
My hat brings all the ladies to the cube...Next thing you know I'm drowning in lady pubes..
I know the feeling. Currently wearing 10 different colours of nail varnish. My daughter wanted daddy to be pretty, and who am I to say no...		Edit for proof: http://imgur.com/a/WLifXWhat a great dad:)
I know the feeling. Currently wearing 10 different colours of nail varnish. My daughter wanted daddy to be pretty, and who am I to say no...		Edit for proof: http://imgur.com/a/WLifXThis is so adorable.  I love this subreddit.
God I love this sub Me too, friendo.
I love this sub and you guys  Aw I love you too!
I wish I had a dad. I don't have a comment that can say anything other than I am sorry you didn't have a dad.
I wish I had a dad. Be the dad you always wanted.			
I wish I had a dad. I'm a 20 year old woman but I'll be ur dad
I wish I had a dad. I'll be your dad. I know I can't replace the real thing and that I'm probably younger than you, but I'll love you as if you were my own (internet hugs)
I wish I had a dad. Lmao me too. Mine decided to kill himself  before I was born. Really could of used one tho. 
I wish I had a dad. Most of my friends growing up didn't have dads. So my dad was their dad. He can be your dad, too. 
What do you make of this? I dunno, a hat, a plane... Solid reference, friendo!
He better be careful, those un-wholesome people must want to steal his hat.Just ask the kid to make a couple more, if the kids is anything like I was they'd more than happily spend a quarter of an hour or so knocking out paper hats like they were going out of style.
I 		don't		get		it		Someone explaine, please.Ladies generally like a dad who's not afraid to show he loves his child. Dad wears the hat his son made and wears it proudly, and so the ladies flock to him.
Some say he's still going to this day!icwatudidthar
Farter of the year. Can confirm, have gassy dad. He literally pulls one butt cheek aside to fart, it's so gross and such a dad thing.
You nailed it.  *high five*
You nailed it.  *high five*My man!
This made you look centred, caring and strong, well done!And a pussy magnet. 
Exactly.		No better feeling than wearing the father's day tie that your kids made to work.My dad never would have done that, but he always kept all my shitty artwork up in his office :3
Your daughter loves you and you wore a gift she gave you proudly. Who cares what anybody else thinks about it.Most normal adults are thinking "what a lovely relationship of daughter and father"		Some may be wishing they had something similar in their lives.		A few may be externally cynical and uptight (This is not appropriate) and I don't think anyone past high school will think "You look like a dork, loser!"
I'm always jealous of homemade gifts my coworkers wear or display.Someone should start a charity service where those with no family/friends can sign up and will randomly recieve a hand crafted care packet or item. It'd be nice for those who feel this way. 
High Five!My man!
TIL They are called tongue depressors. Always thought they were just ice cream sticks. It's because it makes your tongue depressed there is no ice cream on it. 
TIL They are called tongue depressors. Always thought they were just ice cream sticks. If they're wide they're tongue depressors. If they're skinny they're popsicle sticks. 
What's a tongue depressor?A popsicle stick doctors use to hold down your tongue while the examine your throat. 
What's a tongue depressor?A think popsicle stick
Job - check 		Sees his child - check		Is a good dad - check 		Rocking that dad bod - check		Looks like he will be drowning in it. Mighty fly hat - check		We can't be forgetting that
Job - check 		Sees his child - check		Is a good dad - check 		Rocking that dad bod - check		Looks like he will be drowning in it. If I skip dad bod and go straight from fat shit to Uber hot how does that change my odds? 		Speaking as a single father with primary custody and having lost a shit ton of weight in the last year 
I've been subbed for about a month and I got to say my whole outlook is changing (may also have to do with other things but this sub helped!)Same here. It's quite refreshing. The internet can be a brutal place. 
I've been subbed for about a month and I got to say my whole outlook is changing (may also have to do with other things but this sub helped!)I wish I could upvote subreddits!  This place is great.
I've been subbed for about a month and I got to say my whole outlook is changing (may also have to do with other things but this sub helped!)Me too thanks :) 
And they're like can he make me one toothanks
And they're like can he make me one tooDamn right he can make you one too
What a great dad:)Not just a great dad, a pretty great dad. 
I don't have a comment that can say anything other than I am sorry you didn't have a dad.Lets make him a hat.
Be the dad you always wanted.			I lost my father at a young age, and this sentence always makes me all emotional.	I take it to heart, and use it as a way to improve myself
Lmao me too. Mine decided to kill himself  before I was born. Really could of used one tho. Well I am sad now. :(
Lmao me too. Mine decided to kill himself  before I was born. Really could of used one tho. I hope you've had a good life to this point, and I wish one day you could ne that great dad youve always wanted to have.
Lmao me too. Mine decided to kill himself  before I was born. Really could of used one tho. *hug* You're still a great person there friendo :)
Lmao me too. Mine decided to kill himself  before I was born. Really could of used one tho. I hope you find love and sunshine
Lmao me too. Mine decided to kill himself  before I was born. Really could of used one tho. Mine was supposed to pick me up from preschool when I was 4. He never showed and I never saw him again. 
icwatudidtharDoes your username refer to something in particular? :)
Can confirm, have gassy dad. He literally pulls one butt cheek aside to fart, it's so gross and such a dad thing.[removed]		Edit: I love you all. 

My man!Slow down!
And a pussy magnet. The most wholesome thing of all
And a pussy magnet. Cant forget the most important part
My dad never would have done that, but he always kept all my shitty artwork up in his office :3Ah then they weren't shitty if he loved them and you.
My dad never would have done that, but he always kept all my shitty artwork up in his office :3this so sweet. I made my mom a very thoughtful, time consuming collage in middle school and she was so upset I didn't buy her anything...
My dad never would have done that, but he always kept all my shitty artwork up in his office :3I just started my first grown up "office job" about 6 months ago and honestly, the kids' artwork I see in people's offices, especially dads, is just so heartwarming. It also lets you know that family is really important to the person, that they're not judgmental, and you can probably be comfortable around them. :3 :3
Someone should start a charity service where those with no family/friends can sign up and will randomly recieve a hand crafted care packet or item. It'd be nice for those who feel this way. I used to help with a summer camp for girls and we would make homemade teddy bears, art projects, blankets, journals etc for servicemen and women. A few months after sending them out, sometimes we'd get photos back from the military folks wearing or using their gifts. It would make our girls so happy all the time. :) 
My man!Slow down!
A popsicle stick doctors use to hold down your tongue while the examine your throat. Oh I was thinking of a tongue clearer and I couldn't figure out where she could draw a flower. Thanks!
Mighty fly hat - check		We can't be forgetting thatDoubles as a sailboat - check		Even has a yacht
If I skip dad bod and go straight from fat shit to Uber hot how does that change my odds? 		Speaking as a single father with primary custody and having lost a shit ton of weight in the last year Sup
I wish I could upvote subreddits!  This place is great.Your sub is an upvote. :)
Damn right he can make you one tooAnd he won't even have to charge!
Well I am sad now. :(I mean, he prefaced with "Lmao". Probably trying to make sure you don't feel sad. I think. 
I hope you find love and sunshineThanks everybody! My life is great now, didn't mean to incite a pity party. I think everybody deserves a daddy, but sometimes the daddy isn't good enough for the kid. 
OK, thanks. I was looking for a humorous punchline but couldn't find it, that's why I was asking.also, they might be looking at him strangely for wearing a funny hat, but he is not ashamed because its from his son		thats how i interpreted it
Does your username refer to something in particular? :)I thought it was a reference to [the arcade game Qix.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qix)
[removed]		Edit: I love you all. http://giant.gfycat.com/SafeSevereAustralianfreshwatercrocodile.gif
[removed]		Edit: I love you all. Aw man I didn't see what weird stuff you wrote. I should add I love my dad dearly and his gassiness is as endearing as it is smelly. Mainly because *every single time he farts* he holds his arm like a T-rex and giggles like the Pilsbury dough boy. 
I won't leave you hanging friend!
This guy high fives
Slow down!Lookin good
The most wholesome thing of allYou're right /u/-SEND_NUDES-! 
Ah then they weren't shitty if he loved them and you.[deleted]
this so sweet. I made my mom a very thoughtful, time consuming collage in middle school and she was so upset I didn't buy her anything...I'm so sorry!   The silver lining is that someday when you get a chance to have a child's artwork, you'll make them feel very special, because you know how important that is. 
There are some people thinking "You look like a dork" but also others thinking "It's nice you have a great relationship with your daughter, but during these hours the focus needs to be on your job."		Maybe you see that as cynical, or cold, but there's people out there who treat their jobs are just an opportunity to get paid to socialize.Umm, what exactly about wearing a flower is distracting to one's work? 		Seriously, wearing a flowing for good luck to his presentation is super sweet and not preventing him from doing his job in any way. 		I'm sorry, but your point makes no sense at all. 
I used to help with a summer camp for girls and we would make homemade teddy bears, art projects, blankets, journals etc for servicemen and women. A few months after sending them out, sometimes we'd get photos back from the military folks wearing or using their gifts. It would make our girls so happy all the time. :) Like this but just for your average smuck.
Slow down!Looking good!
Doubles as a sailboat - check		Even has a yachtSailors get all the girls man
Your sub is an upvote. :)And *your* sub is an upvote :) 
I mean, he prefaced with "Lmao". Probably trying to make sure you don't feel sad. I think. *she  and yeah its a sad subject, but its all good 
I won't leave you hanging friend!>Friendo	FTFY
This guy high fives
You're right /u/-SEND_NUDES-! I can't tell if you got the -_- backwards on purpose or not
I'm so sorry!   The silver lining is that someday when you get a chance to have a child's artwork, you'll make them feel very special, because you know how important that is. This is actually the reasoning I use on myself for potentially having kids. "My parents were not great, maybe I'll end up like them." Then the other part of my thoughts counters, "Except you know where they fell short and will be mindful of that in raising your own child!" To prove that last point, my sister is a fantastic mother to her daughter, so I think there is hope!
Umm, what exactly about wearing a flower is distracting to one's work? 		Seriously, wearing a flowing for good luck to his presentation is super sweet and not preventing him from doing his job in any way. 		I'm sorry, but your point makes no sense at all. You'd be surprised how insanely anal some people can be about dress code. Mostly new management trying to prove a point. I'm not saying it's right or understandable at all, just saying that in really strict workplaces, I could totally see someone being uptight enough to complain about something so sweetly innocent. 
Looking good! Yes
Sailors get all the girls manAm a sailor and single af, cannot confirm
[removed]hey man let's try to make each other's day better here, that sounds like more fun
>Friendo	FTFYITFY 	(Improved that for you)	Nothing is broken here, we just make things better instead

I can't tell if you got the -_- backwards on purpose or notThe shift button is a fickle mistress 
You'd be surprised how insanely anal some people can be about dress code. Mostly new management trying to prove a point. I'm not saying it's right or understandable at all, just saying that in really strict workplaces, I could totally see someone being uptight enough to complain about something so sweetly innocent. Well then that person is being the distracting one, just saying. And I don't think a flower really falls under this category of inappropriate workplace attire but I see your point. 
 YesHmmm, I've never considered how I would simulate a snap in emojis. Thanks for that, friend
Am a sailor and single af, cannot confirmAww! You'll find the right person eventually! Good luck
Am a sailor and single af, cannot confirmI've heard there's plenty fish in the sea!
ITFY 	(Improved that for you)	Nothing is broken here, we just make things better insteadOh, sorry friendo. Won't happen next time.	Have a nice day. And thanks.
ITFY 	(Improved that for you)	Nothing is broken here, we just make things better instead25% improvement, 100% Wholesome.
ITFY 	(Improved that for you)	Nothing is broken here, we just make things better insteadno mistakes, just happy little accidents :3
interracial high-five!
Well then that person is being the distracting one, just saying. And I don't think a flower really falls under this category of inappropriate workplace attire but I see your point. 		^Spot ^a ^problem? [^Contact ^the ^creator.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=k-a-z-e)		^Don't ^want ^me ^to ^reply ^to ^your ^comments ^anymore? [^Click ^me.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=flower_bot&subject=Ignore&message=!ignoreme) ^This ^function ^is ^in ^beta.
Aww! You'll find the right person eventually! Good luckWell thanks, friendo
I've heard there's plenty fish in the sea!Unfortunately, they are sailing in an inland lake. But good news, those have plenty of fish too!
Oh, sorry friendo. Won't happen next time.	Have a nice day. And thanks.I can feel the synergy!
Oh, sorry friendo. Won't happen next time.	Have a nice day. And thanks.This place is so wholesome!
25% improvement, 100% Wholesome.And 100% reason to wholesome meme, ~~son~~ friendo!
no mistakes, just happy little accidents :3Nice quote friendo
interracial high-five!That's what that is! Hahah 		https://imgur.com/gallery/SKEWJ
>However, a flower that somebody is wearing has literally zero effect on the work place environment.  		Again, that's besides the point. 		I've had coworkers who were Army vets get reported to HR because their Facebook profile picture had guns in them and it made them uncomfortable. 		Literally zero effect on the workplace place environment, no one is forcing you to stalk people's Facebooks, but nevertheless it mattered. 	But guns in your public profile picture can be seen as unprofessional/negative to the company/make people uncomfortable. 		A flower cannot. 
Well thanks, friendoJust make sure you don't fall in love with strange woman sat on a rock singing at you.		*At least invite her onto the boat first!*
I can feel the synergy!Your synergy gauge is full! 
Just make sure you don't fall in love with strange woman sat on a rock singing at you.		*At least invite her onto the boat first!*Fun fact, my name is Lorelei, and I always joke that I need to date a sailor
