Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseBetween this and his underwear modeling. I think Ronaldo is pretty swell
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseRonaldo seems like a good dude.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseI would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseI like when athletes recognize their influence and use it to make the world a little better. I know nothing about soccer but I know his name so I assume he's extremely popular. So now this moment will stick with the people who experienced it
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseCan you imagine being a nervous kid desperate to  get a chance to speak to your idol, briefly get laughed at by a crowd of people, and then arguably the most popular athlete (and maybe person) on earth - the guy you have 4 posters of in your room - sticks up for you. 
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseHe's a genuinely sweet guy and very generous.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseI read somewhere that he paid for some kids whole education. 
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseI have hated him forever. Mostly because he's better than me in every way. But man, he's such a good person. I think I actually like him 
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseEvery time a well recognized athlete validates the admiration of a child...YES!!
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseI tried to speak to someone in Spanish as a native English speaker in Costa Rica, and he told me never to be embarrassed to speak bad Spanish, only bad English.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseThis is why I love my husband Cristiano. 
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseThis man makes me question my sexuality.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseSploosh 
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseThis made me smile. Top bloke is Ronaldo. :)
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in Portuguesenot a sports fan by any means but everything I hear about this dude makes me think how awesome he is
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseYou know what that kid was doing?		His best.		And when we do our best and we try and put forth effort we deserve to give ourselves a little pat on the back. That way we always do our best.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseI want to believe.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseA few years ago I was at a Star Trek Convention here in Germany. An older lady asked /u/williamshatner whether he could deliver a message to Leonard Nimoy to get well soon because there were reports at the time that his health condition wasn't that great. She struggled to bring the point across in English, obviously not her native language. There were a few chuckles in the crowd because of that. 		And then Captain Kirk himself said: "You're doing fine. Your English is way better than my German". That was really nice of him to say. 
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in Portuguese:)
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseRonaldo- that's homie
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseI like people that support you and don't criticize you when you speak another language. Learning a new language is hard and even after a lot of training you might still have an accent. So I hope he's still learning! Portuguese is a beautiful language to learn. 
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in Portuguese"They should be happy because he's trying very hard."		This should be said in many more situations.
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseFrom what I understand of Ronaldo, he comes from a small island and when he was a kid going to a soccer academy, he got made fun of a lot for his accent. I'm glad that experience has made him sympathetic to other people's language difficulties and all that money hasn't changed him from that bit. This is great!
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in PortugueseEDIT: I'M ON THE FRONT PAGE? OH MY GOSH, THANKS EVERYONE! I LOVE YOU GUYS, THANKS FOR MAKING MY SATURDAY SO MUCH BETTER! c:
Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo defends a young fan who isn't fluent in Portuguese[deleted]
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^You ^can ^also [^follow ^our ^official ^Twitter ^here.](https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes)		Thanks, bot!! I appreciate you.
Between this and his underwear modeling. I think Ronaldo is pretty swellHis underwear modelling makes me think he's pretty, this makes me think he's swell.
Between this and his underwear modeling. I think Ronaldo is pretty swellPretty swell and pretty [swoll](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/05/29/12/Ron-2.jpg).
Ronaldo seems like a good dude.He's just as ~~philanthropist~~ philanthropic off the pitch as he is competitive on the pitch.		http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cristiano-ronaldo/11808787/Cristiano-Ronaldo-tops-list-of-worlds-most-charitable-sports-stars.html		______________	Edit - Spelling.
Ronaldo seems like a good dude.Yeah, as a Barca supporter I've never understood the whole "Messi is a better soccer player therefore Ronaldo is a dick" argument. They're both all-time great players and cool people. Why can't we appreciate both of them?
Ronaldo seems like a good dude.I believe he also has no tattoos as this allows him to donate blood as often as possible.
Ronaldo seems like a good dude.I have a friend who works in advertising and had a client hire him for a commercial.  He's apparently VERY difficult to work with -- he's very particular about how he spends his time and what he is/isn't willing to do for numerous reasons.		My friend said that it was the most tense and uncomfortable shoot she ever worked because of the relationship between the client and the talent (Ronaldo).  However, the moment the shoot ended it was like he made a 180 degree turn and was instantly inviting people to dinner and telling stories.		Basically, he seems to be the ultimate of work hard/play hard.  When he's in business mode, he's Ronaldo-- things go his way, or they go the wrong way -- however he's incredibly warm and generous when he's being "Cristiano" casually.
Ronaldo seems like a good dude.I like your username. 
Ronaldo seems like a good dude.He really is. I respect him so much for his off-pitch behaviour. Yeah he might throw tantrums on pitch and seem like an arsehole but that seems to be only confined to the pitch. Meanwhile, Messi dodges taxes 
I would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.I don't get this type of people at all. It's like on reddit when people start making fun of others because they made a mistake. C'mon, there's not only native english speakers here.		Although, as I'm trying to improve my english, I do like when people politely corrects me.		The boy trying to speak portuguese in the video did a good job, btw. I understood very easily what he was saying.
I would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.[removed]
I would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.I dont get why people make fun of people in general. Its not nice. 
I would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.You should probably ask how their Hindi is. Urdu is the language of Pakistan, which, similar as it is to Hindi, is considered a different language. 
I would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.I had to speak French daily for a couple months while I only had a basic understanding of the language. People who were patient and corrected me made me much better and I know I would've never improved if they were rude about it. 		I'm glad there were such nice people around me, and I hope that people continue to be like that with non-native speakers of every language :)
I would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.Thanks for mentioning that. English is my third language. Couple months ago when I was working at AT&T call center one lady called and said that I have an accent, so she refused to speak to me. She asked me to bring someone white with perfect English on the phone. I quit that job two weeks after that. Now I'm studying computer science and currently enrolled at English 102 Composition class which I'm loving!
I would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.i dont mock people's command of any languages, but if someone asks me how my Urdu is, I'll just say this with the correct tune. Good song:		Chal chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya		Chal chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya		Chal chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya		Chal chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya		Chal chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya		Chal chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya		Chal chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya		Chal chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya chaiyya  
I would never mock someone speaking a language other than their mother tongue. Chances are they're doing it far better than I ever would.			I sometimes get people at work who mock our Indian colleagues for certain things they say, and I always make a point to ask how their Urdu is.Chances are our urdu is really bad because we speak hindi up north in many states. Sounds similar to urdu but words are loaned from sanskrit instead of persian.
I like when athletes recognize their influence and use it to make the world a little better. I know nothing about soccer but I know his name so I assume he's extremely popular. So now this moment will stick with the people who experienced itI used to have a stutter. One time my favorite author came to a local book shop near my house. It was packed. I loved her books but didn't have much money so I looked kinda like a living shack. Anyway I brang my rundown copy of the sorcerers stone. Before she signed it I said "this isss my favoroittte bo'ook" a  few people started laughing. She gave me a brand new copy and signed both of them. She also signed "your my favorite reader" on the old one
I like when athletes recognize their influence and use it to make the world a little better. I know nothing about soccer but I know his name so I assume he's extremely popular. So now this moment will stick with the people who experienced itCurrently he's the best there is (I'm not knocking Messi, but currently the award is for Ronaldo)
Can you imagine being a nervous kid desperate to  get a chance to speak to your idol, briefly get laughed at by a crowd of people, and then arguably the most popular athlete (and maybe person) on earth - the guy you have 4 posters of in your room - sticks up for you. For me, while it's not as bad as him laughing at me as well, I think it wouldn't be enough for it not to be a horrific bad memory that would haunt me for the rest of my days. I'm talking 'sleep with tv on' tier haunting. 
He's a genuinely sweet guy and very generous.He's a class act. 		One thing I really like about him is his unwavering respect for Alex Ferguson. He holds Alex Ferguson in the highest regard and has worked with some of the best players on the field from all over the world. 		He still refers to him as "the gaffer". I believe Ferguson nurtured him as a youngster and gave him his first opportunity. Owing much of his success to what he learned at Utd. 		Amazing story. I'm not a Man Utd fan, but they're both legends in a modern era. 	
I read somewhere that he paid for some kids whole education. Wow. That's freaking awesome. Between that and the OP's image, I have a lot of respect for this person. I don't know who he is but he's up there on my scale of freaking awesome people. 
I have hated him forever. Mostly because he's better than me in every way. But man, he's such a good person. I think I actually like him Tsundere for Ronaldo
This is why I love my husband Cristiano. Wait, I thought he was MY husband! 
Sploosh oh no, did you trip and fall in the pool?
not a sports fan by any means but everything I hear about this dude makes me think how awesome he isYou should watch his documentary. It's on netflix called Ronaldo
I want to believe.[Don't want to, just do it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffwtKvr5nPI)
I like people that support you and don't criticize you when you speak another language. Learning a new language is hard and even after a lot of training you might still have an accent. So I hope he's still learning! Portuguese is a beautiful language to learn. And while I don't know the specifics of this encounter, sometimes in situations like this the fan learns a little bit of the language for that reason alone. To be the cause of/on the receiving end of that would be incredibly flattering.
Not sure who this is, but I respect him.One of the biggest football (soccer) superstars !
wtf is the point of this subIt is for memes that are wholesome, friendo.
Thanks, bot!! I appreciate you.I appreciate that.
His underwear modelling makes me think he's pretty, this makes me think he's swell.The underwear modelling makes me swell.
Pretty swell and pretty [swoll](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/05/29/12/Ron-2.jpg).They should use that picture in the "Dictionary of Pictures For Kids and Adults Who Prefer Pictures" for the definition of peak performance.
Pretty swell and pretty [swoll](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/05/29/12/Ron-2.jpg).That'd be shredded, sir. Common misconception.			[This](http://m.imgur.com/r/gifs/Vy0Z99O) is swoll
Pretty swell and pretty [swoll](https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/05/29/12/Ron-2.jpg).[deleted]
He's just as ~~philanthropist~~ philanthropic off the pitch as he is competitive on the pitch.		http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cristiano-ronaldo/11808787/Cristiano-Ronaldo-tops-list-of-worlds-most-charitable-sports-stars.html		______________	Edit - Spelling.That's awesome! It always makes me happy to see famous people doing good deeds like this.
He's just as ~~philanthropist~~ philanthropic off the pitch as he is competitive on the pitch.		http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cristiano-ronaldo/11808787/Cristiano-Ronaldo-tops-list-of-worlds-most-charitable-sports-stars.html		______________	Edit - Spelling.Sherman's the only NFL player on that list. Good for him!
He's just as ~~philanthropist~~ philanthropic off the pitch as he is competitive on the pitch.		http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cristiano-ronaldo/11808787/Cristiano-Ronaldo-tops-list-of-worlds-most-charitable-sports-stars.html		______________	Edit - Spelling.[deleted]
He's just as ~~philanthropist~~ philanthropic off the pitch as he is competitive on the pitch.		http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cristiano-ronaldo/11808787/Cristiano-Ronaldo-tops-list-of-worlds-most-charitable-sports-stars.html		______________	Edit - Spelling.Ronda ronsey?
He's just as ~~philanthropist~~ philanthropic off the pitch as he is competitive on the pitch.		http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/players/cristiano-ronaldo/11808787/Cristiano-Ronaldo-tops-list-of-worlds-most-charitable-sports-stars.html		______________	Edit - Spelling.Error 404: Messi not found
Yeah, as a Barca supporter I've never understood the whole "Messi is a better soccer player therefore Ronaldo is a dick" argument. They're both all-time great players and cool people. Why can't we appreciate both of them?because Ronaldo is pretty antagonizing on the field and that's the most people get to see of him. It's also not like there aren't millions of people who really like him and know of his good deeds. The hate he gets is not as overblown as lots of people make it out be.
Yeah, as a Barca supporter I've never understood the whole "Messi is a better soccer player therefore Ronaldo is a dick" argument. They're both all-time great players and cool people. Why can't we appreciate both of them?The "Ronaldo arrogant" vs "Messi humble" argument is so incorrect and childish. I only want good vibes in this subreddit so I'll just leave it at this. They're two of the greatest players in history, full stop.
Yeah, as a Barca supporter I've never understood the whole "Messi is a better soccer player therefore Ronaldo is a dick" argument. They're both all-time great players and cool people. Why can't we appreciate both of them?>Messi is a better player therefore Ronaldo is a dick  	  	I've never once seen this opinion stated. 
I believe he also has no tattoos as this allows him to donate blood as often as possible."I'd totally get a sick tattoo but i can't because i want to save as many lives as possible"		-Rolando probably 		edit: - Ronaldo more likely
I have a friend who works in advertising and had a client hire him for a commercial.  He's apparently VERY difficult to work with -- he's very particular about how he spends his time and what he is/isn't willing to do for numerous reasons.		My friend said that it was the most tense and uncomfortable shoot she ever worked because of the relationship between the client and the talent (Ronaldo).  However, the moment the shoot ended it was like he made a 180 degree turn and was instantly inviting people to dinner and telling stories.		Basically, he seems to be the ultimate of work hard/play hard.  When he's in business mode, he's Ronaldo-- things go his way, or they go the wrong way -- however he's incredibly warm and generous when he's being "Cristiano" casually.nothing wrong with that
I have a friend who works in advertising and had a client hire him for a commercial.  He's apparently VERY difficult to work with -- he's very particular about how he spends his time and what he is/isn't willing to do for numerous reasons.		My friend said that it was the most tense and uncomfortable shoot she ever worked because of the relationship between the client and the talent (Ronaldo).  However, the moment the shoot ended it was like he made a 180 degree turn and was instantly inviting people to dinner and telling stories.		Basically, he seems to be the ultimate of work hard/play hard.  When he's in business mode, he's Ronaldo-- things go his way, or they go the wrong way -- however he's incredibly warm and generous when he's being "Cristiano" casually.That makes a lot of sense. He always got huge amounts of praise from the older guys when he was at United (Roy Keane mainly, a famously no bs player. Gary Neville too. ) for how incredible his work ethic was. Alex Ferguson said he we the best example of a player making themselves great through pure hard work. 
I like your username. Thanks friend! You are a great person!
I don't get this type of people at all. It's like on reddit when people start making fun of others because they made a mistake. C'mon, there's not only native english speakers here.		Although, as I'm trying to improve my english, I do like when people politely corrects me.		The boy trying to speak portuguese in the video did a good job, btw. I understood very easily what he was saying.9 times out of 10 any post that starts with "Excuse my English, it's my second language," is written with impeccable grammar and spelling.
I don't get this type of people at all. It's like on reddit when people start making fun of others because they made a mistake. C'mon, there's not only native english speakers here.		Although, as I'm trying to improve my english, I do like when people politely corrects me.		The boy trying to speak portuguese in the video did a good job, btw. I understood very easily what he was saying.That's the thing: we make fun of people whose native tongue is English and write stuff like "would of" and mix up "you're" and "your".
I don't get this type of people at all. It's like on reddit when people start making fun of others because they made a mistake. C'mon, there's not only native english speakers here.		Although, as I'm trying to improve my english, I do like when people politely corrects me.		The boy trying to speak portuguese in the video did a good job, btw. I understood very easily what he was saying.It's also annoying when you get downvoted for correcting someone's English. I'm nothing but happy when someone corrects my Japanese. In fact it's really irritating when people are "too polite" to correct my mistakes.
I don't get this type of people at all. It's like on reddit when people start making fun of others because they made a mistake. C'mon, there's not only native english speakers here.		Although, as I'm trying to improve my english, I do like when people politely corrects me.		The boy trying to speak portuguese in the video did a good job, btw. I understood very easily what he was saying.I'm learning German and completely agree with you! I live in Berlin and it's so frustrating when people are rude about correcting others or scoff at non-native mistakes. 		On that note, you want to conjugate the verb here as correct, as it matches with people, a plural subject. 		Keep up the good work; your English is excellent!
I don't get this type of people at all. It's like on reddit when people start making fun of others because they made a mistake. C'mon, there's not only native english speakers here.		Although, as I'm trying to improve my english, I do like when people politely corrects me.		The boy trying to speak portuguese in the video did a good job, btw. I understood very easily what he was saying.It should be "people politely correct me". Have a nice day :)
[removed][removed]
I dont get why people make fun of people in general. Its not nice. Low self esteem 
You should probably ask how their Hindi is. Urdu is the language of Pakistan, which, similar as it is to Hindi, is considered a different language. Urdu is one of the official language of india too. It's just that less people speak it and it's not the lingua franca in India.
Thanks for mentioning that. English is my third language. Couple months ago when I was working at AT&T call center one lady called and said that I have an accent, so she refused to speak to me. She asked me to bring someone white with perfect English on the phone. I quit that job two weeks after that. Now I'm studying computer science and currently enrolled at English 102 Composition class which I'm loving!I can barely speak my mother tongue, I only have respect for those that can speak more than one language. Even if it's rudimentary. 
I used to have a stutter. One time my favorite author came to a local book shop near my house. It was packed. I loved her books but didn't have much money so I looked kinda like a living shack. Anyway I brang my rundown copy of the sorcerers stone. Before she signed it I said "this isss my favoroittte bo'ook" a  few people started laughing. She gave me a brand new copy and signed both of them. She also signed "your my favorite reader" on the old oneBy any chance is your favorite author JK Rowling?
I used to have a stutter. One time my favorite author came to a local book shop near my house. It was packed. I loved her books but didn't have much money so I looked kinda like a living shack. Anyway I brang my rundown copy of the sorcerers stone. Before she signed it I said "this isss my favoroittte bo'ook" a  few people started laughing. She gave me a brand new copy and signed both of them. She also signed "your my favorite reader" on the old oneRonaldo's teammate and one of his closest friends on the team James Rodriguez actually has a pretty pronounced stutter. So Cris would probably bff you too.
I used to have a stutter. One time my favorite author came to a local book shop near my house. It was packed. I loved her books but didn't have much money so I looked kinda like a living shack. Anyway I brang my rundown copy of the sorcerers stone. Before she signed it I said "this isss my favoroittte bo'ook" a  few people started laughing. She gave me a brand new copy and signed both of them. She also signed "your my favorite reader" on the old oneKinda weird that jk Rowling would make such a common grammatical mistake.... just messing around. I'm sure your compliment meant as much to her as her note did to you! 
Currently he's the best there is (I'm not knocking Messi, but currently the award is for Ronaldo)The guy had a better year (trophy-wise) but Messi is still the better player. 
For me, while it's not as bad as him laughing at me as well, I think it wouldn't be enough for it not to be a horrific bad memory that would haunt me for the rest of my days. I'm talking 'sleep with tv on' tier haunting. Why so sensitive? If you're new to a language obviously you won't be an expert at it. If it were me I'd probably laugh along with them. There's nothing wrong with being new to something. It sounds funny to experienced speakers so they laugh. Even Ronaldo was smiling and close to laughing with them. 		Ronaldo had a great point but I feel like it's better to encourage people that it's okay to be bad at something. Pitying people just seems really patronizing to me honestly, but I get what he was trying to say and it's a good sentiment.
He's a class act. 		One thing I really like about him is his unwavering respect for Alex Ferguson. He holds Alex Ferguson in the highest regard and has worked with some of the best players on the field from all over the world. 		He still refers to him as "the gaffer". I believe Ferguson nurtured him as a youngster and gave him his first opportunity. Owing much of his success to what he learned at Utd. 		Amazing story. I'm not a Man Utd fan, but they're both legends in a modern era. 	First opportunity was by Boloni in Sporting CP by calling him to a senior squad when he was only 17 years old. That's when it started. Man Utd is "simply" the second phase after Ronaldo wrecks Man Utd defense in the friendly Sporting vs Man Utd.		After that game, the rest is history but there's a story before Ferguson. Undoubtedly he was very important to him though, of course.
He's a class act. 		One thing I really like about him is his unwavering respect for Alex Ferguson. He holds Alex Ferguson in the highest regard and has worked with some of the best players on the field from all over the world. 		He still refers to him as "the gaffer". I believe Ferguson nurtured him as a youngster and gave him his first opportunity. Owing much of his success to what he learned at Utd. 		Amazing story. I'm not a Man Utd fan, but they're both legends in a modern era. 	Watching him after he got injured in the last Euro was amazing and heartbreaking. He wanted to win a Euro championship, only to be injured early in the game. He tried to keep playing a few times and couldn't...you could see it was just killing him.		Then, on the sidelines he was just going insane. So incredibly passionate and motivating to his team. They ended up winning, really an amazing moment for him and for Portugal. 		A class act indeed.
Wow. That's freaking awesome. Between that and the OP's image, I have a lot of respect for this person. I don't know who he is but he's up there on my scale of freaking awesome people. Surprisingly a lot of the soccer/football community dislike him for being pretty cocky on the field. He seems like a genuinely good dude to me though. 
Wow. That's freaking awesome. Between that and the OP's image, I have a lot of respect for this person. I don't know who he is but he's up there on my scale of freaking awesome people. He's called Cristiano Ronaldo and is considered to be one of the greatest soccer players of all time. He's from Portugal and plays for Real Madrid.		There is another player called Lionel Messi who is also considered one of the greatest players of all time, and he plays for a rival team called Barcelona. 		Its amazing because they are probably the two best players ever and play in the same period of time, so naturally there is a lot of debate over which player is better - which gets heated at times.		And Ronaldo has a famous cocky persona on the field which makes him more controversial but he does seem a really cool guy genuinely and he does loads for charity. 
Wow. That's freaking awesome. Between that and the OP's image, I have a lot of respect for this person. I don't know who he is but he's up there on my scale of freaking awesome people. Weeks after the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami in Indonesia a boy was found alive, wandering around by himself and close to death. His mother and sister lost. He was found by photographers and his story made the news. He was wearing a Portuguese football jersey. News made it to Ronaldo who paid for his education and rebuilt his house and met with the boy several times over the times.		In 2015 this boy was signed to Sporting CP's Under 19 team, one of the biggest football clubs in the world. Also the club where Ronaldo's career began. The kid now mostly goes by the name Martunis Ronaldo.
Wait, I thought he was MY husband! I thought he was my gay lover!
oh no, did you trip and fall in the pool?Something like that.  
[Don't want to, just do it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffwtKvr5nPI)You, as an OP who delivers, are everything an OP and a person should be.	
[Don't want to, just do it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffwtKvr5nPI)He really wasn't lying or just trying to be nice. The kid speaks a perfectly understandable Portuguese. The audience was probably laughing because the kid was talking all robot-like and they probably though he was butchering it, since this was in Japan and they don't understand Portuguese themselves. But other than that it is pretty easy to understand what he's saying.
[Don't want to, just do it!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffwtKvr5nPI)That's not bad at all. I understood everything he said, and I don't even speak Portuguese (Spanish is my mother language, many words sound very similar between both languages).
The underwear modelling makes me swell.The swell is underwear pretty Ronaldo modeling me.
The underwear modelling makes me swell.That too.
The underwear modelling makes me swell.That isnt very wholesome! /s
They should use that picture in the "Dictionary of Pictures For Kids and Adults Who Prefer Pictures" for the definition of peak performance.Maybe a better picture, his chest is non existent there
That'd be shredded, sir. Common misconception.			[This](http://m.imgur.com/r/gifs/Vy0Z99O) is swollYeah, Ronaldo is an elite athlete in ridiculously good shape - he has to be in order to do what he does.		But he's shredded - not swole, having giant muscles would only weigh him down without having any real benefit, so he doesn't train for it. 
That's awesome! It always makes me happy to see famous people doing good deeds like this.Ronaldo has to be one of the most wholesome superstars in the world. My favorite story about his charity is about the 2004 Earthquake that devastated Indonesia:		>Television footage of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No. 7 Portuguese football shirt who was stranded for 19 days after his family was killed.		>Following this, Ronaldo visited Aceh, Indonesia, to raise funds for rehabilitation and reconstruction. [(Source)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cristiano_Ronaldo#Philanthropy)		Through fundraising, auctioning of sports paraphernalia, and partnership with a beverage company, Ronaldo was able to help provide about $100,000 US to the city of Aceh to be used for repairs and reconstruction. 		He's quite a remarkable guy!
Sherman's the only NFL player on that list. Good for him!Cena's #2. Don't know how, you wouldn't be able to see him drop off the check.
Sherman's the only NFL player on that list. Good for him!Well if Peyton Manning isn't on a charitable athletes list then I question its method of selection. He has a children's hospital named after him and according to a hospital official his donations were in the neighborhood of $50 million. And he does more than just donate money, even after he moved to Denver he still made calls to the kids in the hospital.		http://www.wthr.com/article/childrens-hospital-to-be-named-after-peyton-manning		http://www.indystar.com/story/sports/columnists/gregg-doyel/2015/01/09/doyel-peyton-manning-isnt-what-you-think-hes-better/21511317/
Ronda ronsey?She gives out free punches to the face,  she's very generous.
> philanthropist		philanthropic "Full on rapist"
because Ronaldo is pretty antagonizing on the field and that's the most people get to see of him. It's also not like there aren't millions of people who really like him and know of his good deeds. The hate he gets is not as overblown as lots of people make it out be.Also he's so handsome I want to punch him for it.
because Ronaldo is pretty antagonizing on the field and that's the most people get to see of him. It's also not like there aren't millions of people who really like him and know of his good deeds. The hate he gets is not as overblown as lots of people make it out be.In his early days he was a real dick, he's matured as he's aged but asshole pretty boy persona has never left him 
>Messi is a better player therefore Ronaldo is a dick  	  	I've never once seen this opinion stated. It's never said in that dumb of terms, of course, I'm exaggerating the wording of it for simplicity. But yes, there are people who believe that because they like Messi, they must hate Ronaldo, and because they hate Ronaldo, he must be a dick - except when they tell you about it, they present it as if their logic all starts from the fact that Ronaldo is a dick, when in fact that's not the starting point at all (and it's not even true).
"I'd totally get a sick tattoo but i can't because i want to save as many lives as possible"		-Rolando probably 		edit: - Ronaldo more likely> [Rolando](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolando_\(footballer\))
nothing wrong with thatHell if I'd made the money he has and lived the lifestyle he does I'd be pretty particular about things too
9 times out of 10 any post that starts with "Excuse my English, it's my second language," is written with impeccable grammar and spelling.Interestingly, it's common for people who are far along in learning a foreign language to have better grammar and spelling than people who know the language as an L1 or L2 language. This is because people who learn a foreign language almost always learn the prestige, proper form while people who learn a language as an L1 or L2 will pick up a lot of regional slang and dialect variations in both diction and syntax that aren't considered "proper" in the prestige dialect.
9 times out of 10 any post that starts with "Excuse my English, it's my second language," is written with impeccable grammar and spelling.Hi			(sorry for my bad English) 
That's the thing: we make fun of people whose native tongue is English and write stuff like "would of" and mix up "you're" and "your".Yeah. I think it's possible that people whose native language isn't English sometimes write "your" instead of "you're", even though they definitely know the difference, but I if someone writes "would of", it's almost 100% sure they're a native speaker.
It's also annoying when you get downvoted for correcting someone's English. I'm nothing but happy when someone corrects my Japanese. In fact it's really irritating when people are "too polite" to correct my mistakes.I agree. I like being corrected when I'm wrong. I started using English online a lot when WoW came out, and to be fair I kinda sucked, but I tried really hard to become as fluent as I could. Some guildmates would let me write the same incorrect thing many times without caring to correct me, but one of them would often take the time to tell me when he noticed something I often said wrong. That guy ended up being my favorite guildmate and I'm sure he helped me improve much quicker.
It's also annoying when you get downvoted for correcting someone's English. I'm nothing but happy when someone corrects my Japanese. In fact it's really irritating when people are "too polite" to correct my mistakes.I think the problem on reddit is that  people can be huge dicks about it, or use it to feel superior.  I see people correcting typos that don't even change the meaning of the sentence. 		Its not too hard to say "hey, just so you know, it's x" rather than a snide comment 
[removed][removed]
Low self esteem you two would enjoy /r/wholesomememes		edit: oh man i was so stoned and forgot I subbed
Low self esteem Some maybe but others have perfectly fine self esteem and just enjoy hurting others. 
Urdu is one of the official language of india too. It's just that less people speak it and it's not the lingua franca in India.Sure, but considering the situation, Hindi makes more sense. That's all I'm saying. 
Urdu is one of the official language of india too. It's just that less people speak it and it's not the lingua franca in India.India has a ton of languages that are dominant in different parts of the country. If you only had to pick one to communicate with though, I think Hindi gives you the best chance of success statistically.
The guy had a better year (trophy-wise) but Messi is still the better player. Oh god. This is /r/wholesomememes, if this thread turns into a Messi vs Ronaldo thread we may have to be quarantined. 
The guy had a better year (trophy-wise) but Messi is still the better player. They're both amazing players and people :D  
Surprisingly a lot of the soccer/football community dislike him for being pretty cocky on the field. He seems like a genuinely good dude to me though. Cocky is fine if you can back it up. Also be a good human being.
Surprisingly a lot of the soccer/football community dislike him for being pretty cocky on the field. He seems like a genuinely good dude to me though. I showed this pic set to my bf (he's a football nut) and just told me a metric ton of good things this dude has done. Stuff he does for his family, his mom, his best friend, lots of young fans, and holy crap he is one generous guy. My bf said basically the same thing, that he is pretty disliked due to his cockiness. He really does seem like a really awesome guy! 
Surprisingly a lot of the soccer/football community dislike him for being pretty cocky on the field. He seems like a genuinely good dude to me though. Which I've always found weird, I don't really see said cockiness. He is arguably the best player in the world at the moment, of course you would exude confidence in your behavior if you were. But that's not the same as being a douche, which he doesn't seem to demonstrate. If you actually see interviews like this one you can see that he seems like a pretty chill dude, I don't see any arrogance in his manner of speaking. People who say he's an arrogant douche don't really know him and just resent him being called the best player when they disagree. 
You, as an OP who delivers, are everything an OP and a person should be.	c:
The swell is underwear pretty Ronaldo modeling me.This man is having a stroke.
The swell is underwear pretty Ronaldo modeling me.His underwear has a pretty swell.
Ronaldo has to be one of the most wholesome superstars in the world. My favorite story about his charity is about the 2004 Earthquake that devastated Indonesia:		>Television footage of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No. 7 Portuguese football shirt who was stranded for 19 days after his family was killed.		>Following this, Ronaldo visited Aceh, Indonesia, to raise funds for rehabilitation and reconstruction. [(Source)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cristiano_Ronaldo#Philanthropy)		Through fundraising, auctioning of sports paraphernalia, and partnership with a beverage company, Ronaldo was able to help provide about $100,000 US to the city of Aceh to be used for repairs and reconstruction. 		He's quite a remarkable guy!That boy plays for a big club in Portugal now!
Ronaldo has to be one of the most wholesome superstars in the world. My favorite story about his charity is about the 2004 Earthquake that devastated Indonesia:		>Television footage of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No. 7 Portuguese football shirt who was stranded for 19 days after his family was killed.		>Following this, Ronaldo visited Aceh, Indonesia, to raise funds for rehabilitation and reconstruction. [(Source)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cristiano_Ronaldo#Philanthropy)		Through fundraising, auctioning of sports paraphernalia, and partnership with a beverage company, Ronaldo was able to help provide about $100,000 US to the city of Aceh to be used for repairs and reconstruction. 		He's quite a remarkable guy!Ronaldo is also the Global Artist Ambassador for 'Save The Children' organization. Here is one of his recent beautiful messages to children suffering because of Syrian conflict:		 https://twitter.com/Cristiano/status/812297170040881152
Ronaldo has to be one of the most wholesome superstars in the world. My favorite story about his charity is about the 2004 Earthquake that devastated Indonesia:		>Television footage of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No. 7 Portuguese football shirt who was stranded for 19 days after his family was killed.		>Following this, Ronaldo visited Aceh, Indonesia, to raise funds for rehabilitation and reconstruction. [(Source)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cristiano_Ronaldo#Philanthropy)		Through fundraising, auctioning of sports paraphernalia, and partnership with a beverage company, Ronaldo was able to help provide about $100,000 US to the city of Aceh to be used for repairs and reconstruction. 		He's quite a remarkable guy!I am Indonesian and always forgot he did this! I was still 4 years old back in 2004 though so I didn't pay much attention back then.
Ronaldo has to be one of the most wholesome superstars in the world. My favorite story about his charity is about the 2004 Earthquake that devastated Indonesia:		>Television footage of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No. 7 Portuguese football shirt who was stranded for 19 days after his family was killed.		>Following this, Ronaldo visited Aceh, Indonesia, to raise funds for rehabilitation and reconstruction. [(Source)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cristiano_Ronaldo#Philanthropy)		Through fundraising, auctioning of sports paraphernalia, and partnership with a beverage company, Ronaldo was able to help provide about $100,000 US to the city of Aceh to be used for repairs and reconstruction. 		He's quite a remarkable guy!Can you imagine going through Tsunami pictures and seeing someone wearing your name? It'd make you feel like Superman, like you were compelled to swoop in and save the day.
Ronaldo has to be one of the most wholesome superstars in the world. My favorite story about his charity is about the 2004 Earthquake that devastated Indonesia:		>Television footage of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No. 7 Portuguese football shirt who was stranded for 19 days after his family was killed.		>Following this, Ronaldo visited Aceh, Indonesia, to raise funds for rehabilitation and reconstruction. [(Source)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cristiano_Ronaldo#Philanthropy)		Through fundraising, auctioning of sports paraphernalia, and partnership with a beverage company, Ronaldo was able to help provide about $100,000 US to the city of Aceh to be used for repairs and reconstruction. 		He's quite a remarkable guy!Isn't there a story somewhere about someone asking him to donate cleats to help a child afford surgery... He thought that was just dumb, and instead of donating cleats just straight up paid for the kid's entire operation? 		Edit: story: http://ftw.usatoday.com/2014/03/cristiano-ronaldo-operation-83000
Ronaldo has to be one of the most wholesome superstars in the world. My favorite story about his charity is about the 2004 Earthquake that devastated Indonesia:		>Television footage of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami showed an eight-year-old boy survivor named Martunis wearing a No. 7 Portuguese football shirt who was stranded for 19 days after his family was killed.		>Following this, Ronaldo visited Aceh, Indonesia, to raise funds for rehabilitation and reconstruction. [(Source)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cristiano_Ronaldo#Philanthropy)		Through fundraising, auctioning of sports paraphernalia, and partnership with a beverage company, Ronaldo was able to help provide about $100,000 US to the city of Aceh to be used for repairs and reconstruction. 		He's quite a remarkable guy!Ronaldo also donated 5 million dollars immediately after the earthquake in Nepal.
Cena's #2. Don't know how, you wouldn't be able to see him drop off the check.Cena seems like a great guy. He has a kind face, too.
Well if Peyton Manning isn't on a charitable athletes list then I question its method of selection. He has a children's hospital named after him and according to a hospital official his donations were in the neighborhood of $50 million. And he does more than just donate money, even after he moved to Denver he still made calls to the kids in the hospital.		http://www.wthr.com/article/childrens-hospital-to-be-named-after-peyton-manning		http://www.indystar.com/story/sports/columnists/gregg-doyel/2015/01/09/doyel-peyton-manning-isnt-what-you-think-hes-better/21511317/Technically he's not an athlete anymore.  I'm sure he's the number one philanthropist among Papa John's enthusiasts.
Also he's so handsome I want to punch him for it.Seriously dude, it's not fair. Be really handsome, or really good at soccer, not both. Leave some ladies for the rest of us. 
Hi			(sorry for my bad English) Sorry but without a period it's basically unreadable.
~~In all honesty I think its super tacky when people do that. If I can't tell that English is your second language because you write in it better than the majority of people on this site, it just comes off as a huge humblebrag to me. At least tell me where you're from so I can read it in the right accent.~~		EDIT: I've already had a lot of good responses to this comment and I have reconsidered my opinion; I feel bad for automatically assuming the worst about people. I consider being bilingual to be a huge accomplishment/advantage, so I apologize if it sounded like I'm trying to take anything away from those who are.I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and assume they don't know that their writing is impeccable.
~~In all honesty I think its super tacky when people do that. If I can't tell that English is your second language because you write in it better than the majority of people on this site, it just comes off as a huge humblebrag to me. At least tell me where you're from so I can read it in the right accent.~~		EDIT: I've already had a lot of good responses to this comment and I have reconsidered my opinion; I feel bad for automatically assuming the worst about people. I consider being bilingual to be a huge accomplishment/advantage, so I apologize if it sounded like I'm trying to take anything away from those who are.It's more than likely that they have had people that mock them for every little thing in the past. So much that they feel like they must defend themselves. Therefore no matter how well they speak it, they feel if they make one minuscule error, they will be ridiculed. 
~~In all honesty I think its super tacky when people do that. If I can't tell that English is your second language because you write in it better than the majority of people on this site, it just comes off as a huge humblebrag to me. At least tell me where you're from so I can read it in the right accent.~~		EDIT: I've already had a lot of good responses to this comment and I have reconsidered my opinion; I feel bad for automatically assuming the worst about people. I consider being bilingual to be a huge accomplishment/advantage, so I apologize if it sounded like I'm trying to take anything away from those who are.As someone with english as my second language, a part of it is a little insecurity, I mean, this is a language that is not your native tongue, you're a little afraid that you're going to make mistakes, no matter how good you think you are, no matter how much you make sure it's mistake-free.		Also, if we do make mistakes with our writing, people are generally going to be less judgemental and kinder when pointing out our mistakes. 		I'm Indonesian (Sundanese) by the way, just in case you want to read my comment with an accent  
~~In all honesty I think its super tacky when people do that. If I can't tell that English is your second language because you write in it better than the majority of people on this site, it just comes off as a huge humblebrag to me. At least tell me where you're from so I can read it in the right accent.~~		EDIT: I've already had a lot of good responses to this comment and I have reconsidered my opinion; I feel bad for automatically assuming the worst about people. I consider being bilingual to be a huge accomplishment/advantage, so I apologize if it sounded like I'm trying to take anything away from those who are.I disagree! I think those people honestly aren't sure that their English is good. It's cute IMO!
~~In all honesty I think its super tacky when people do that. If I can't tell that English is your second language because you write in it better than the majority of people on this site, it just comes off as a huge humblebrag to me. At least tell me where you're from so I can read it in the right accent.~~		EDIT: I've already had a lot of good responses to this comment and I have reconsidered my opinion; I feel bad for automatically assuming the worst about people. I consider being bilingual to be a huge accomplishment/advantage, so I apologize if it sounded like I'm trying to take anything away from those who are.[deleted]
Yeah. I think it's possible that people whose native language isn't English sometimes write "your" instead of "you're", even though they definitely know the difference, but I if someone writes "would of", it's almost 100% sure they're a native speaker.Honestly, I think that happens more frequently in native speakers because they are the ones who rely more on the sound of the word they're writing.		It baffles me how people can't distinguish "your" from "you're", but then again, I see those same type of errors in other natives speaking my language (portuguese).
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
you two would enjoy /r/wholesomememes		edit: oh man i was so stoned and forgot I subbedI'm. It saying you're wrong, but that *is* where we are, friend!
you two would enjoy /r/wholesomememes		edit: oh man i was so stoned and forgot I subbedHey, thanks for showing me that place I love it
Sure, but considering the situation, Hindi makes more sense. That's all I'm saying. Maybe he knows his colleagues and knows what language they speak? 
[removed]That's not wholesome of you :(
Oh god. This is /r/wholesomememes, if this thread turns into a Messi vs Ronaldo thread we may have to be quarantined. No need for any versus here! Both amazing players and people and everyone has their own favorite :D
Oh god. This is /r/wholesomememes, if this thread turns into a Messi vs Ronaldo thread we may have to be quarantined. People don't appreciate enough just how rare it is to have two of the greatest players to have ever lived playing in rival teams in the same time period. These two will go down as legends, both of them. 			But considering off the pitch, I reckon Ronaldo > Messi. Ronaldo gives loads to charity, Messi dodges taxes 
Oh god. This is /r/wholesomememes, if this thread turns into a Messi vs Ronaldo thread we may have to be quarantined. As a hockey fan who doesn't follow soccer, I'm getting some serious deja vu over here of 'Ovi vs Crosby'
They're both amazing players and people :D  Eh Messi isn't so great off the field. Avoiding millions in taxes, for one. 
Cocky is fine if you can back it up. Also be a good human being.He's not just cocky though, he's a bit of a dickhead on the pitch. Off it, the man is brilliant. On it, not so much.
I showed this pic set to my bf (he's a football nut) and just told me a metric ton of good things this dude has done. Stuff he does for his family, his mom, his best friend, lots of young fans, and holy crap he is one generous guy. My bf said basically the same thing, that he is pretty disliked due to his cockiness. He really does seem like a really awesome guy! He used to be a lot worse when he was younger but of course he has matured since then
Which I've always found weird, I don't really see said cockiness. He is arguably the best player in the world at the moment, of course you would exude confidence in your behavior if you were. But that's not the same as being a douche, which he doesn't seem to demonstrate. If you actually see interviews like this one you can see that he seems like a pretty chill dude, I don't see any arrogance in his manner of speaking. People who say he's an arrogant douche don't really know him and just resent him being called the best player when they disagree. For me the reason isn't the cockiness, the man is a fucking soccer god it's all right to be cocky. I dislike him as a player for constantly flopping and begging the ref for calls. Its unseemly for one of the greats to resort to shit like that. That being said he is still amazing, and seems like an incredibly nice guy off the pitch,
c:Have a great night OP
What was the kid saying? That his biggest dream is to be a soccer player....didn't understand what he said in between but I think he said that he wants to play with him some day...then asked what he should do to achieve that goal. I'm not a Portuguese speaker but I speak fluent Spanish and they're very similar. 
This man is having a stroke.(   )
That boy plays for a big club in Portugal now!Not just a big club - it's Sporting CP!		There was an Indonesian book that collected the stories of child survivors of the tsunami - Martunis was one of them.		It's a very pleasant surprise to hear this.
That boy plays for a big club in Portugal now!That's amazing
That boy plays for a big club in Portugal now!Well he has yet to play for the under 19 squad so I doubt he will make the jump to the B team and then to the A team but it is a good gesture from the club. 
I am Indonesian and always forgot he did this! I was still 4 years old back in 2004 though so I didn't pay much attention back then.>4 years old back in 2004		My God I'm getting old  
Isn't there a story somewhere about someone asking him to donate cleats to help a child afford surgery... He thought that was just dumb, and instead of donating cleats just straight up paid for the kid's entire operation? 		Edit: story: http://ftw.usatoday.com/2014/03/cristiano-ronaldo-operation-83000Yes I heard this - they asked for his boots to auction off for charity, so he paid for the operation and got that zig zag shaved in the side of his head to imitate the scar that the kid had after the treatment :)
Ronaldo also donated 5 million dollars immediately after the earthquake in Nepal.I don't think that's true. You might want to verify that. :) 
Cena seems like a great guy. He has a kind face, too.Cena also holds record for most wishes granted for Make-A-Wish foundation :)
Cena seems like a great guy. He has a kind face, too.He great! He does so much stuff for the make-a-wish fundation, he really cares about kids.
Seriously dude, it's not fair. Be really handsome, or really good at soccer, not both. Leave some ladies for the rest of us. He pretty much made sure Wales went out of the Euros last year. 		This is why I hate him. 		He's not better Bale. 		Ok. He is. He's bloody brilliant. Damn it! 
Seriously dude, it's not fair. Be really handsome, or really good at soccer, not both. Leave some ladies for the rest of us. There are a lot of annoyingly handsome ones.  Giroud, Xabi Alonso, Asamoah Gyan, Piqu, Franck Ribry, etc.
Sorry but without a period it's basically unreadable.[removed]
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
My Indian friends talk in English between each other for that very reason... Its super curiousEnglish is quite common too. If they're from different parts of India, they may be more comfortable with English than what ever regional languages.
No need for any versus here! Both amazing players and people and everyone has their own favorite :DExactly. Why do people have to argue about who's the best? Can we not just acknowledge them as incredible players of their own right? It's not like it's an individual game anyhow.
Eh Messi isn't so great off the field. Avoiding millions in taxes, for one. Ronaldo is currently being investigated for tax dodging as well, so I'll reserve my judgement of that when the investigation is over.
He's not just cocky though, he's a bit of a dickhead on the pitch. Off it, the man is brilliant. On it, not so much.I can understand that. But if I were personally being paid loads of money each year to play a game I love, while having sex with the hottest people in my country every night, I could see it getting to my head.
Have a great night OPYou as well, friendo!
(   )How you guys managed to maintain the creepiness while still being wholesome is beyond me. 
(   )(   o)
Not just a big club - it's Sporting CP!		There was an Indonesian book that collected the stories of child survivors of the tsunami - Martunis was one of them.		It's a very pleasant surprise to hear this.That's Ronaldo's old club for those who don't know. They are one of the biggest clubs in Portugal and Europe
Not just a big club - it's Sporting CP!		There was an Indonesian book that collected the stories of child survivors of the tsunami - Martunis was one of them.		It's a very pleasant surprise to hear this.So he hooked the kid up with a career too? Jesus, this guy's got it all.
Well he has yet to play for the under 19 squad so I doubt he will make the jump to the B team and then to the A team but it is a good gesture from the club. Well he at the very least is working part-time as an on-the-books player for a big club. Worst case scenario he might end up with a relatively decent career in lower leagues, it's still a really special outcome, just not the fairytale we so desire.
>4 years old back in 2004		My God I'm getting old  God be too. Born in 2000 Jesus
I don't think that's true. You might want to verify that. :) Well I remember seeing [this](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/nepal-earthquake-cristiano-ronaldo-donates-5million-to-the-humanitarian-cause-10244146.html) on /r/soccer back then, but then I just found [this :(](http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/news-and-comment/cristiano-ronaldo-did-not-donate-5million-to-aid-nepal-earthquake-efforts-reveal-save-the-children-10250153.html)
Cena also holds record for most wishes granted for Make-A-Wish foundation :)If they cant see him how do they know he is there?
He pretty much made sure Wales went out of the Euros last year. 		This is why I hate him. 		He's not better Bale. 		Ok. He is. He's bloody brilliant. Damn it! Dude.. you just reminded me that Portugal won the god-damn Euro Cup last year. What a crazy-ass year.
There are a lot of annoyingly handsome ones.  Giroud, Xabi Alonso, Asamoah Gyan, Piqu, Franck Ribry, etc.Lol at Ribery
There are a lot of annoyingly handsome ones.  Giroud, Xabi Alonso, Asamoah Gyan, Piqu, Franck Ribry, etc.You can't talk about handsome-ness without gervinho.
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
It's a minority language in every region of India that it's spoken. Maybe they happen to speak Urdu; that's a possibility. I'm just saying the likelihood is small. It's not a possibly, it's the actual example he is giving. His colleagues speak urdu
Ronaldo is currently being investigated for tax dodging as well, so I'll reserve my judgement of that when the investigation is over.Incorrect. Allegations of tax avoidance (which isn't illegal) were brought up but unsubstantiated.
I can understand that. But if I were personally being paid loads of money each year to play a game I love, while having sex with the hottest people in my country every night, I could see it getting to my head.yeah it really is a burden that someone has to carry. 
(   o)Is that you Forest Whitaker?
That's Ronaldo's old club for those who don't know. They are one of the biggest clubs in Portugal and EuropeThat is absolutely utterly fantastic.
So he hooked the kid up with a career too? Jesus, this guy's got it all.He actually gave the fishing rod. 
If they cant see him how do they know he is there?That's the wish he grants: to finally be able to see John Cena. 
[removed][removed]
yeah it really is a burden that someone has to carry. I volunteer as tribute!
big in portugal... yes... big in europe... lolVery big for European scouts lol. Develop some great players.
I'm a huge Bayern fan so I am biased but I hobestly don't think Ribery looks as bad as people say he does. I think he looks kinda badass.Cool, sure.  Handsome?  Never. 
