Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Pretty sure my boyfriend does this but I'm going to continue to obliviously go through life believing I am hilarious...to one person.
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"We  have a running gag in my family which is to tell a joke to somebody that doesn't make any sense and then everybody in on it busts out laughing.		For example:		Q: What did the man say when he crashed his Buick?		A: At least it wasn't my Pontiac!		I love the expression on the unsuspecting victim's face. They often start laughing too, just to fit in.
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"I made a joke this weekend and my boyfriend laughed so hard he was nearly in tears. He laughs genuinely at my jokes a lot but that instance made me especially warm and fuzzy. :)
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"I love this sub. 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5q69um/how_do_you_subtly_fuck_with_people/
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"That is so adorable. 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"As someone who is very happily married, it makes me inordinately happy to see other people who are also happily married. Feels like genuine enjoyment of marriage is rare. I hear so many of my coworkers complaining constantly about their spouses : / 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"I do the opposite to my boyfriend. He has a thing for saying extremely lame puns. When he does I go silent and put on the angriest expression I can manage and tell him "I hate you so much". But the angrier I get, the more pleased with himself he gets. His doofy cute smile gets bigger and bigger and he ends up making himself crack up. But his laugh is so contagious it always breaks my facade of anger and we both end up falling on top of each other laughing. He's the most amazing person I've ever known. 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Man, I wish this happened to me. I tell myself I'm funny anyways, though. 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"When you have once seen the glow of happiness on the face of a beloved person, you know that a man can have no vocation but to awaken that light on the faces surrounding him. In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. 		 Albert Camus
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Well this made me smile
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Hey, cool this was my comment!  Here's a recent example if you're up for it:  a couple days ago she was up early cleaning the kitchen. I got up, she wanted to surprise me with it all being done already. "Aww I thought I heard something buzzing around."  She said, "Yep! I'm a bee!"  I laughed.  She said the bathrooms were done too " Because that's how the bee bumbles!"  I laughed super hard. She laughed. Rest of the day she "buzzed" and I'd lose it every time. 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"I always try to repeat my husband's farts as best I can with my mouth. It cracks him up. I love my husband, and I'm glad farts are so funny, I never run out of material.
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Sometimes me and my wife will just sit across from each other and fake laugh without stopping. Usually after less than 30 seconds or so it just transforms into real gut busting laughter at the situation and the rest of the night seems to be lighter and more relaxed since we started out on such a goofy note. Its fun.
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"My wife is really susceptible to ear worms from me, so when she's having a bad day, I'll hum her favorite uplifting songs and watch as she gets bubblier and starts singing along, too :)
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"My SO laughs at my laugh. I'm really silly when I'm not at work, so I'll say something I think is funny and laugh and stare at him for a reaction and he'll start laughing at the ridiculousness of me just staring at him..... The staring always intensifies.... Just thinking about it makes me laugh.
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Am I the only person here that understands what was meant by that answer and is slightly appalled at it?		"How do you subtly fuck with..."		he is using Pavlovian conditioning to make his wife unfunny! She's going to be repeating these unfunny jokes to her friends and coworkers thinking they're hot shit guaranteed for a laugh, and end up getting crickets.		This guy is evil!		Seriously... I'm sure you're all right, but you must concede that this is a legitimately plausible possibility! 		
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAIJD5OA4y0
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Dude, what? You've been leading her on with fake laughs instead of being honest with her? How is that wholesome?
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"[removed]
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"This doesn't seem so wholesome...
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"I'm kind of confused. I find this kind of dishonesty a bit disturbing to be honest. I would hate being lied to and manipulated into believing something that was not true.
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Oh God, I live in mortal fear that someone is doing this to me. I worry that people are just being really nice to me, but don't actually find me as funny or interesting as I imagine they do. I  hate it when people tell me white lies or give me false praise just to try to make me feel good.		How would this guy's wife feel if she read this, knowing it was about her? She'd be crushed. She probably treasures many of those memories of laughing with her husband. All lies.
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"Thats fucking terrible and not wholesome at all. belongs in /r/meirl_nsfw 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"That actually made me smile
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"My husband is too busy trying to show me I'm not funny that his first reaction is to show disdain, not support. Not sure why he's such a fun sucker  but I hope one day he stops viewing other people who are better than him at certain things, as a threat. 
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"My wife is going to read this and think it's me.		HI honey, it's not me. I really do like your jokes.
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"So sweet!
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"[removed]
Seen on AskReddit's "What do you do to subtly fuck with people?"That's a pretty fucked up thing to do.
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^You ^can ^also [^follow ^our ^official ^Twitter ^here.](https://twitter.com/rWholesomeMemes)		Thanks for the friendly reminder WholesomeBot. ;)
Pretty sure my boyfriend does this but I'm going to continue to obliviously go through life believing I am hilarious...to one person.I don't care if everyone else in the world thinks I'm the most unfunny person in the world. As long as my girlfriend thinks I'm hilarious, I'm happy. 
Pretty sure my boyfriend does this but I'm going to continue to obliviously go through life believing I am hilarious...to one person.That's cute :)
Pretty sure my boyfriend does this but I'm going to continue to obliviously go through life believing I am hilarious...to one person.I am 100% sure my husband does this too! I am not funny at all but I constantly make jokes anyways, mostly for my own entertainment. (I blame my family because I learned how to be funny from them so they think I'm hilarious but nobody else does.) My husband still laughs at my dumb jokes just to make me happy. I love him so much. No idea how I got so lucky.
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome!
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. My entire marriage is based around me trying to ruin my wife's bad days.  I stole an idea off the internet [and sometimes I do stuff like this](http://i.imgur.com/rdsRmGB.jpg)		[Or this](http://i.imgur.com/HzDg3XM.jpg) Edit: Monster is our mutt. She likes to run around all crazy during games.  Adds to the mayhem.  The neighbors are surprisingly ok with the noise.		[Or that time she had 30 seconds to pop all the balloons](http://i.imgur.com/TzE98nR.jpg)		I work from home and my UPS delivery lady thinks this is hilarious.  So we plot these while my wife is at work.  The balloons thing was her idea.
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. Definitely return the favor! My boyfriend doesn't show a whole lot of emotion, and my jokes always get a lot of laughs with my coworkers (who are all mainly girls). On the rare occasion I can get genuine laughter from my boyfriend (and not just a polite chuckle, or an "I get it" snicker), it makes me feel SO happy and funny. :)
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. My dad makes my mom laugh all the goddamn time. If she's in a bad mood or upset, idk how he knows exactly what to do, but he knows how to make her smile whenever. He always smiles when he makes her smile. It's just very sweet to watch.
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. I'm not gonna say that I don't love getting that laugh. But I'm also not gonna say that getting the pained eye roll and groan from a super terrible pun doesn't provide me with just about the same amount of satisfaction. 
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. I've known my SO since I was 12 (almost 30 now) and I still get butterflies when he laughs at my jokes. It's the same feeling like "wow I'm cool enough to be in the popular crowd?" Except the popular crowd is my SO. 
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. Ive been married five years and we have a two year old. Between work commuting and other stuff we don't find the time as much to get in those laughs. The other day out of the blue we were all playing around and the tickle fights started. All three of us laughing our asses off. It ended up with my husband trying to put his balls on my forehead (while the kiddo wasn't looking) while I screamed and laughed so hard it hurt. Took us right back to when we were dating and it was really nice. Reminded me to get silly more often. 
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. The funniest thing my husband ever did was when he was mid shaving off facial hair; he left a moustache like Chris Hadfield, and decided to do an impression of his cover of space oddity... facial expressions and all. I nearly wet myself laughing - he had never done anything like that before which made it all the funnier!  Even after all this time, whenever I fall out with him I think of that and it cheers me right up again :D
I love getting a genuine laugh out of my girlfriend. I'm really silly and weird at home and she's used to it by now but sometimes I'll do something and she'll genuinely laugh really hard and it makes me feel great. I should return the favor more. I feel the same way. My fianc is used to my sense of humor, but on rare occasions my hijinks get her where it counts and she can't stop laughing like she used to. Those times are very special to me. She has dumb jokes that she tells, but sometimes they legitimately get to me and I also lose my shit. Humor in a relationship is very crucial to me.
We  have a running gag in my family which is to tell a joke to somebody that doesn't make any sense and then everybody in on it busts out laughing.		For example:		Q: What did the man say when he crashed his Buick?		A: At least it wasn't my Pontiac!		I love the expression on the unsuspecting victim's face. They often start laughing too, just to fit in.This is called a "No soap, radio!" joke. 		The more you know. 
We  have a running gag in my family which is to tell a joke to somebody that doesn't make any sense and then everybody in on it busts out laughing.		For example:		Q: What did the man say when he crashed his Buick?		A: At least it wasn't my Pontiac!		I love the expression on the unsuspecting victim's face. They often start laughing too, just to fit in.I own a Buick and a Pontiac. That sounds like what I'd say if I crashed my Buick.
We  have a running gag in my family which is to tell a joke to somebody that doesn't make any sense and then everybody in on it busts out laughing.		For example:		Q: What did the man say when he crashed his Buick?		A: At least it wasn't my Pontiac!		I love the expression on the unsuspecting victim's face. They often start laughing too, just to fit in.You should watch the Vsauce episode called "Conformity". They do this exact psychological experiment on random people, it's hilarious.
We  have a running gag in my family which is to tell a joke to somebody that doesn't make any sense and then everybody in on it busts out laughing.		For example:		Q: What did the man say when he crashed his Buick?		A: At least it wasn't my Pontiac!		I love the expression on the unsuspecting victim's face. They often start laughing too, just to fit in.Hey this is really funny. But don't assume they're laughing just because they try to fit in while not getting it. You are creating a hilarious situation and if everyone is laughing it might be really contagious! I would probably laugh my ass off at this, even if I wasn't in on it :)
We  have a running gag in my family which is to tell a joke to somebody that doesn't make any sense and then everybody in on it busts out laughing.		For example:		Q: What did the man say when he crashed his Buick?		A: At least it wasn't my Pontiac!		I love the expression on the unsuspecting victim's face. They often start laughing too, just to fit in.>They often start laughing too, just to fit in.		Wow, you're like the Red Grin Grumble of families!
We  have a running gag in my family which is to tell a joke to somebody that doesn't make any sense and then everybody in on it busts out laughing.		For example:		Q: What did the man say when he crashed his Buick?		A: At least it wasn't my Pontiac!		I love the expression on the unsuspecting victim's face. They often start laughing too, just to fit in.The YouTuber VSauce literally just made a video about this exact phenomenon. It's on YouTube Red if you're interested :D
I made a joke this weekend and my boyfriend laughed so hard he was nearly in tears. He laughs genuinely at my jokes a lot but that instance made me especially warm and fuzzy. :)I've made my boyfriend laugh so hard once that he puked. It's weird to say this because vomit was involved, but it was amazing and it made my life.
I love this sub. Guess who loves you back! 
I love this sub. I've had this exact thought 4 times today. Thanks for letting me type this out and put it out into the world.		**I love this sub.**
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5q69um/how_do_you_subtly_fuck_with_people/Danke
That is so adorable. r/absolutelynotmeirl		edit: hey wholesome fellas and gals, I didn't mean to be negative with my comment. it was just a joke :) stay lovely my friends
As someone who is very happily married, it makes me inordinately happy to see other people who are also happily married. Feels like genuine enjoyment of marriage is rare. I hear so many of my coworkers complaining constantly about their spouses : / I have no clue why. :/ Marriage is the best if you have somebody you genuinely love. It means you get to be with your best friend forever and even touch their butt. What could be better than that?!		People complaining about their spouses all the time should seriously take a look at their life and figure out if this is what they really want. Everybody deserves to be with somebody that makes them happy and who they make happy in return. 		We're just extra lucky because we already found that awesome person to marry. Yay us!
Man, I wish this happened to me. I tell myself I'm funny anyways, though. But you're funny. I just smiled reading your comment.
Am I the only person here that understands what was meant by that answer and is slightly appalled at it?		"How do you subtly fuck with..."		he is using Pavlovian conditioning to make his wife unfunny! She's going to be repeating these unfunny jokes to her friends and coworkers thinking they're hot shit guaranteed for a laugh, and end up getting crickets.		This guy is evil!		Seriously... I'm sure you're all right, but you must concede that this is a legitimately plausible possibility! 		I totally get where this outlook is coming from, especially when you look at the post title. I think it's a great point actually and we should always consider that there is the possibility that the popular view isn't the correct one! And it *always* depends on the relationship too. But, just to give you a look at the other side, I'm going to counter it:		His wife knows she's not funny. When your spouse is the only one who laughs at your jokes, you pick up pretty quickly that most people don't find you funny. You think one of two things; either your spouse is just laughing because they love you or they're laughing because they have a weird sense of humor too. If you're in a happy, healthy relationship you don't ever assume it's because they're trying to trick you into thinking that you're funny when you're not.		Example: My humor is carefully tailored to one exact audience: my family. I can't change it and nobody else thinks that I'm funny because I'm honestly not. But my parents and siblings think I'm fucking hilarious. Mostly because that is the weird humor we were all raised with so we are all messed up together. 		My husband does not share that sense of humor. Which is unfortunate for him because no way am I not cracking jokes. I do it not to entertain him but because I find those jokes funny. He is a sweetheart and laughs anyways because it makes me feel appreciated. He doesn't think I'm funny but he loves me and appreciates that I'm sharing those dumb jokes with him because I also love him. 		It's not a lie or manipulation, it's a form of support. The same way you never tell your spouse that they're looking bloated today. You keep that to yourself because there isn't anything they could do to change that, they probably already know anyways, and saying it just isn't helpful. 		**TL;DR You laugh at your spouse's dumb jokes because those jokes make them happy and they're sharing that happiness with you.** <3
Dude, what? You've been leading her on with fake laughs instead of being honest with her? How is that wholesome?I find it weird how much I had to scroll down to find your comment. This is not wholesome, this is being dishonest to your partner and I wouldn't be able to live with it.
Dude, what? You've been leading her on with fake laughs instead of being honest with her? How is that wholesome?Yeah, this seems really dishonest and not wholesome. How would she feel reading this post?
Dude, what? You've been leading her on with fake laughs instead of being honest with her? How is that wholesome?The laugh may be fake, but her smile is real
Dude, what? You've been leading her on with fake laughs instead of being honest with her? How is that wholesome?Because it's a little itty bitty amount of effort that brings immense joy to someone he loves. Had this been phrased "when my wife tells an OK joke, I'll laugh like it's the funniest thing I've ever heard because I love how happy it makes her", I doubt you'd be as concerned.		You ever had someone go out of their way to accommodate you or cheer you up when you're down? That's not always manipulation... sometimes it'a just going a bit out of your way to make someone feel good.		Don't read so much into things.
Dude, what? You've been leading her on with fake laughs instead of being honest with her? How is that wholesome?Yeah, all these comments encouraging this make me feel a little sick. Really manipulative and not wholesome at all :(.
Dude, what? You've been leading her on with fake laughs instead of being honest with her? How is that wholesome?If it is a more serious topic, lying instead of honestly critiquing what someone does might be nice in the moment, but will ultimately hurt them down the road. 		But this is just telling jokes to each other, I see no harm in over exaggerating one's laugh, especially when it is such a source of joy for the wife. At worst the wife tells a joke to someone else and they don't laugh, but you can just pass it off as them having no humor. 
[removed]I find it weird that so many people find this wholesome and cute.		I wouldn't want anyone to tell me I'm funny if they think I'm not. I appreciate honesty, and a comforting lie is still a lie.
[removed]Same here, I'd find it really inauthentic.
[removed]Well, what if you shift the perspective to.. you are so special to her that she'd do whatever she could just to see the smile on your face?
[removed]I agree, but the intention is what matters 
I'm kind of confused. I find this kind of dishonesty a bit disturbing to be honest. I would hate being lied to and manipulated into believing something that was not true.I could not agree more! If I found out my boyfriend was doing this to me, I would be disgusted with him.
My husband is too busy trying to show me I'm not funny that his first reaction is to show disdain, not support. Not sure why he's such a fun sucker  but I hope one day he stops viewing other people who are better than him at certain things, as a threat. [deleted]
That's a pretty fucked up thing to do.My exact thought. If I knew someone was doing this to me I'd lose a shit ton of my confidence.
[removed]Lots of assumptions based upon just one Reddit comment. It's sweet to want to make someone else happy, even just from doing small things like laughing at their jokes. 
I don't care if everyone else in the world thinks I'm the most unfunny person in the world. As long as my girlfriend thinks I'm hilarious, I'm happy. When you have someone at home that thinks the world of you, the rest of the world doesn't matter. You can handle anything.
That's cute :)You're cute :)
That's cute :)That makes me feel really good!
Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome!Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)
Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome!Well, for one you gotta be wholesome, and apart from that just be yourself. And then you'll eventually find the right one.
Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome!What worked for me: trying being the person YOU would want to be with.  Be kind, honest, trustworthy, responsible.  Take joy in the things that actually interest you.  Be genuine.		And don't rush shit.  [This is the hardest thing once you find someone you like.]  Human relationships are built on experiences over time.  Some of my best life-long friends have very little in common with me personality/interest-wise, but we had a lot of mutual experiences that tie us together.
Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome![This](http://i515.photobucket.com/albums/t360/PJackson02/Box.jpg) setup has gotten me three girlfriends so far. Just put a chocolate bar down and watch em flock!
Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome!I think being genuine friends with a few girls helps too, even if it's friend's girlfriends or something. If they are genuinely you're friend then often they can help steer other girls your direction if they think you're a decent guy.
Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome!Spend a lot of time with a girl you know that you aren't related to and after a while either starting dating / having sex with her or meet her friends and repeat the process. The caveat is these need to be people you genuinely enjoy spending time with. This can be tough for men whose interests rarely overlap with women's, which is why you either need to be patient, or consider exploring exciting, new interests that women tend to share!		Best of luck, and know that while girlfriends and sex and friends are very enriching parts of life, not having those at any given time does not make your life any less rich or full of potential for exciting adventures.		Also remember, girls and girlfriends are no different than guy friends -- they only seem different because of the social implications of sex. So first and foremost, be a friend
Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome!hello its me ur girlfriend
Hi Pal!		How does one acquire a girlfriend?		EDIT: Never got so many genuine helpfull comments on reddit, keep up being awsome!I hit on every girl I was attracted to. Not cheesy one liners or anything. I just would strike up a conversation and see where it went. I am not that attractive and I used to get lots of girls to go on dates. You just need to go after it. I remember camping and meeting these random girls. At one point I decided I would just put my hand on this hot girls thigh and see how she reacted. She looked at me and said "pretty forward aren't you?" (or something) and I replied something about her being pretty. We were in my tent a little later on. 		PS I am short and sort of chubby. Just go for it.		PPS I can't describe how to do this without being creepy. Be approachable and light hearted. Don't be all intense. Use humour. My wife comments on my uncanny ability to get people to let their guard down and open up to me. 		PPPS. Also...talk about how you like family, kids, pets, etc. I worked with kids with disabilities and girls ate that shit up.
My entire marriage is based around me trying to ruin my wife's bad days.  I stole an idea off the internet [and sometimes I do stuff like this](http://i.imgur.com/rdsRmGB.jpg)		[Or this](http://i.imgur.com/HzDg3XM.jpg) Edit: Monster is our mutt. She likes to run around all crazy during games.  Adds to the mayhem.  The neighbors are surprisingly ok with the noise.		[Or that time she had 30 seconds to pop all the balloons](http://i.imgur.com/TzE98nR.jpg)		I work from home and my UPS delivery lady thinks this is hilarious.  So we plot these while my wife is at work.  The balloons thing was her idea.Can my wife and I join your guys' marriage? I'm super good with a Nerf gun btw.
My entire marriage is based around me trying to ruin my wife's bad days.  I stole an idea off the internet [and sometimes I do stuff like this](http://i.imgur.com/rdsRmGB.jpg)		[Or this](http://i.imgur.com/HzDg3XM.jpg) Edit: Monster is our mutt. She likes to run around all crazy during games.  Adds to the mayhem.  The neighbors are surprisingly ok with the noise.		[Or that time she had 30 seconds to pop all the balloons](http://i.imgur.com/TzE98nR.jpg)		I work from home and my UPS delivery lady thinks this is hilarious.  So we plot these while my wife is at work.  The balloons thing was her idea.This is so adorable oh my god
My entire marriage is based around me trying to ruin my wife's bad days.  I stole an idea off the internet [and sometimes I do stuff like this](http://i.imgur.com/rdsRmGB.jpg)		[Or this](http://i.imgur.com/HzDg3XM.jpg) Edit: Monster is our mutt. She likes to run around all crazy during games.  Adds to the mayhem.  The neighbors are surprisingly ok with the noise.		[Or that time she had 30 seconds to pop all the balloons](http://i.imgur.com/TzE98nR.jpg)		I work from home and my UPS delivery lady thinks this is hilarious.  So we plot these while my wife is at work.  The balloons thing was her idea.That's really beautiful. I hope you guys have a long and prosperous marriage. 
My entire marriage is based around me trying to ruin my wife's bad days.  I stole an idea off the internet [and sometimes I do stuff like this](http://i.imgur.com/rdsRmGB.jpg)		[Or this](http://i.imgur.com/HzDg3XM.jpg) Edit: Monster is our mutt. She likes to run around all crazy during games.  Adds to the mayhem.  The neighbors are surprisingly ok with the noise.		[Or that time she had 30 seconds to pop all the balloons](http://i.imgur.com/TzE98nR.jpg)		I work from home and my UPS delivery lady thinks this is hilarious.  So we plot these while my wife is at work.  The balloons thing was her idea.> I work from home and my UPS delivery lady thinks this is hilarious. So we plot these while my wife is at work. The balloons thing was her idea.		The wholesome relationship with the UPS delivery lady is the best thing
Definitely return the favor! My boyfriend doesn't show a whole lot of emotion, and my jokes always get a lot of laughs with my coworkers (who are all mainly girls). On the rare occasion I can get genuine laughter from my boyfriend (and not just a polite chuckle, or an "I get it" snicker), it makes me feel SO happy and funny. :)Hmm, my girlfriend is always making jokes that I don't find funny.   That's mostly because I watch a lot of stand up so it takes something outrageous to get a good laugh out of me. She also rarely laughs at my jokes, that I know are funny. Maybe I should try enjoying and laughing at her jokes harder.
My dad makes my mom laugh all the goddamn time. If she's in a bad mood or upset, idk how he knows exactly what to do, but he knows how to make her smile whenever. He always smiles when he makes her smile. It's just very sweet to watch.My dad is the same way! It's hard to get a genuine guffaw out of him but damn can he make my mom laugh. She's still madly in love with him because of it. She even has a signature way of saying his name when he's made a real good joke that all our family friends (and even some of my buddies) try to duplicate.		She says it when he's "in trouble," usually for telling a really terrible joke (he's the God of dad jokes) or when he's made some mildly scandalous remark in her presence. She's easily shocked by little things so it's easy to scandalize her. It's fun. I'm my father's daughter, so she yells at both of us all the time. It's wonderful. I miss them. 
I'm not gonna say that I don't love getting that laugh. But I'm also not gonna say that getting the pained eye roll and groan from a super terrible pun doesn't provide me with just about the same amount of satisfaction. Oh, how we love to torture people with awful PUNishments	
The funniest thing my husband ever did was when he was mid shaving off facial hair; he left a moustache like Chris Hadfield, and decided to do an impression of his cover of space oddity... facial expressions and all. I nearly wet myself laughing - he had never done anything like that before which made it all the funnier!  Even after all this time, whenever I fall out with him I think of that and it cheers me right up again :DI grew my first "real" beard last year but I decided to shave it off at the beginning of this year. We were getting ready to take a shower together and my wife kept asking "what's taking so long?!"		I popped into the bathroom looking [like this](http://imgur.com/mXVuXF0) sporting a terrible Southern accent. She guffawed.		It's probably funnier knowing the context; I'm a Brit living in America married to a woman who grew up in a "country"-esque environment. And I hate country music.		As an aside, just last night my wife remarked on something while we were watching TV and it made me laugh so hard. We've been around each other for almost 10 years, and I love that she can still make me genuinely giddy with her humour and sass. I sometimes worry that she'll get tired of my humour (as my mum has of my dad's) but so far we still crack each other up.
This is called a "No soap, radio!" joke. 		The more you know. >  "No soap, radio!" joke		From [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_soap_radio): 		> "No soap radio" is a form of practical joke and an example of surreal comedy. The joke is in reality a prank whereby the punch line has no relation to the body of the joke  that is, it is actually not funny  but participants in the prank pretend otherwise. 		> The effect is to either trick someone unfamiliar with the prank into laughing along as if he or she "gets it" and/or ridicule him or her for not understanding.		Basically for the victim it's a no-win situation. If they laugh, they then get teased for laughing at a joke that wasn't funny. If they don't laugh, they get teased for not getting the joke!
This is called a "No soap, radio!" joke. 		The more you know. > This is called a "No soap, radio!" joke.		Didn't know this was a thing. We've been doing this in my family for years.
This is called a "No soap, radio!" joke. 		The more you know. O god I totally forgot about that!		Thanks for bringing that up! That like opens up a whole street of memory I didn't knew I had.
This is called a "No soap, radio!" joke. 		The more you know. In Finland we have similiar joke that goes "I went to the store, but then suddenly a spoon!" which means basicly a joke that makes zero sense. 
This is called a "No soap, radio!" joke. 		The more you know. Shit I remember that phrase. Where's it from again?
I own a Buick and a Pontiac. That sounds like what I'd say if I crashed my Buick.Such a wholesome reaction to crashing your car :)
You should watch the Vsauce episode called "Conformity". They do this exact psychological experiment on random people, it's hilarious.For those looking, this episode is only available to YouTube Red subscribers.  
Hey this is really funny. But don't assume they're laughing just because they try to fit in while not getting it. You are creating a hilarious situation and if everyone is laughing it might be really contagious! I would probably laugh my ass off at this, even if I wasn't in on it :)I've never seen anybody not exhibit pretty serious confusion, which make us laugh even harder. Sometimes they laugh, sometimes they ask for an explanation.		What's nearly equally amusing is explaining what just happened. They are sometimes so disoriented that they ask questions about the punchline.
I've made my boyfriend laugh so hard once that he puked. It's weird to say this because vomit was involved, but it was amazing and it made my life.It's not weird, it's like eating some pizza that's so good you can't stop eating, you might puke afterwards but the memories of that delicious pizza just can't be erased from your brain anymore. 
Guess who loves you back! Is it us?!
DankeBin zwar nicht OP, aber gern geschehen
r/absolutelynotmeirl		edit: hey wholesome fellas and gals, I didn't mean to be negative with my comment. it was just a joke :) stay lovely my friendsYou can be that adorable, man!
I find it weird that so many people find this wholesome and cute.		I wouldn't want anyone to tell me I'm funny if they think I'm not. I appreciate honesty, and a comforting lie is still a lie.What's being honest really worth in a situation like this, though? What does it entail? Making sure to never have more than a sensible chuckle at a moderately humorous joke? Telling someone that their joke wasn't particularly funny? 		I mean, life truly is what you make it. The guy in the post had an opportunity to have a genuine, gut-busting laugh with his wife, brighten her day and his, or to tell her that she isn't very funny and endure the ensuing crestfallen awkwardness. Where's the wholesomeness in that?
Same here, I'd find it really inauthentic.It would make me feel like I'm not actually funny and everything is just a pity laugh.
Well, what if you shift the perspective to.. you are so special to her that she'd do whatever she could just to see the smile on your face?[removed]
I agree, but the intention is what matters [removed]
I agree, but the intention is what matters No, no it doesn't.  I had a friend who would fake laugh at everything and I hated him when I found out.   I felt manipulated and it distanced us. 
I could not agree more! If I found out my boyfriend was doing this to me, I would be disgusted with him.And then brag about it in a sense too. 
When you have someone at home that thinks the world of you, the rest of the world doesn't matter. You can handle anything.this is why I love my wife. Whenever I doubt my looks or my personality or my deeds, she reminds me that the only person who *really* matters thinks I'm hot and fun and a good person. And that makes me not doubt anymore.
When you have someone at home that thinks the world of you, the rest of the world doesn't matter. You can handle anything.Aw this made me feel better. I have a bully in my class I'm currently dealing with in nursing school. I'm 24 years old and dealing with a bully :( 
You're cute :)I'm cute :)
Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)Hasn't worked so far, but I always tell me self if I keep at it, it will eventually. If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own. 
Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)[deleted]
Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)Hey pal, I think that is amazing advice! But for some of us, the whole initial talking thing is super scary. If you don't care, I'm going to use this reply to help some of our other pals that might need advice. 		I strongly recommend that if striking up a conversation with strangers irl is hard, try looking online. I met my husband on OKCupid back in 2012 *not the subreddit. Please don't go there for advice.* so I know for a fact that it is possible, but I don't know if that website is "good" anymore. You should do a little shopping I guess, haha.		If you do look online and find a person you want to talk to, being too forward is generally not a good idea. Strike up a conversation about something you have in common from their profile. Talk to them for a few days and then make plans to meet. If they aren't interested, or if you aren't interested in attention from someone, that's ok. Just say sorry and move on. 		NEVER give anyone money and NEVER meet in a secluded area by yourself. Please be safe! 		Good luck pals! 
Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)You should probably add the "get out of the house" part to that equation.  A lot of people "doing the things they do" means sitting at home on their computer or playing with their collection of rare insects.
Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)Fuck I love this place.
Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)Well then I should just continue like now :)
Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)My problem is that i dont have much interaction with girls. And if i try to go out of my way to meet someone i'm not really being myself.		I study in an engineering university. Taking software engineering. So there's already little to none attractive girls. Then I live 40km away from my uni in the suburbs, alone, where i live far from any friends/family.		Since i have to travel from uni to home and i usually leave uni late, i can't really meet anyone interesting.		I might try to join a boxing gym near my house to see if i can get out more.
Best, honest advice? Don't TRY to find a girlfriend. Just keep doing the things you do, be proud of who you are, and a girl will find a perfect boyfriend in you :)The Wedding Ring Strategy.		Live like you are married to the greatest woman alive. Don't be an asshole, but also don't shy away from other women. They are living things at all. As soon as you start acting, feeling and living like you are a content person who isn't after THAT girl or a quick fuck asap things will work out.		But please don't wear an actual fake wedding ring, though, only Adam Sandler does that...
Well, for one you gotta be wholesome, and apart from that just be yourself. And then you'll eventually find the right one.nice username
I think being genuine friends with a few girls helps too, even if it's friend's girlfriends or something. If they are genuinely you're friend then often they can help steer other girls your direction if they think you're a decent guy.In my case this has worked like more of a repellent it seems. The girls I'm friends with happen to be quite attractive. And they're single too. So when we're hanging out at bars people just tend to assume we're together. Either that or people think I'm gay.		Not that I have a problem with gay people, but it's tough to date girls if they all think you are interested in dudes.
hello its me ur girlfriend0w0
I hit on every girl I was attracted to. Not cheesy one liners or anything. I just would strike up a conversation and see where it went. I am not that attractive and I used to get lots of girls to go on dates. You just need to go after it. I remember camping and meeting these random girls. At one point I decided I would just put my hand on this hot girls thigh and see how she reacted. She looked at me and said "pretty forward aren't you?" (or something) and I replied something about her being pretty. We were in my tent a little later on. 		PS I am short and sort of chubby. Just go for it.		PPS I can't describe how to do this without being creepy. Be approachable and light hearted. Don't be all intense. Use humour. My wife comments on my uncanny ability to get people to let their guard down and open up to me. 		PPPS. Also...talk about how you like family, kids, pets, etc. I worked with kids with disabilities and girls ate that shit up.That "don't be creepy" one is where a lot of people who aren't experienced get messed up on! It's strange but I have the mindset of "it's only weird if you make it weird" and it works. It's hard to describe over the internet, but it's all about going with the flow. 		For some people it comes naturally. For others (like me) it came with years of rejection before finally being able to read the cues and see the things they didn't say. 
Can my wife and I join your guys' marriage? I'm super good with a Nerf gun btw.Yes but there are two things to know.		>1) No couple on couple sex stuff	>	>2) We're going to hunt you for sport.  Nothing personal.
That's really beautiful. I hope you guys have a long and prosperous marriage. We've been together 15 years.  So far so good.
Hmm, my girlfriend is always making jokes that I don't find funny.   That's mostly because I watch a lot of stand up so it takes something outrageous to get a good laugh out of me. She also rarely laughs at my jokes, that I know are funny. Maybe I should try enjoying and laughing at her jokes harder.Could be that your senses of humor are incompatible?	
>  "No soap, radio!" joke		From [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_soap_radio): 		> "No soap radio" is a form of practical joke and an example of surreal comedy. The joke is in reality a prank whereby the punch line has no relation to the body of the joke  that is, it is actually not funny  but participants in the prank pretend otherwise. 		> The effect is to either trick someone unfamiliar with the prank into laughing along as if he or she "gets it" and/or ridicule him or her for not understanding.		Basically for the victim it's a no-win situation. If they laugh, they then get teased for laughing at a joke that wasn't funny. If they don't laugh, they get teased for not getting the joke!What if they say "fuck you, you soap and radio-ing mitherfuckers" and cut the pranksters out of their life)
>  "No soap, radio!" joke		From [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_soap_radio): 		> "No soap radio" is a form of practical joke and an example of surreal comedy. The joke is in reality a prank whereby the punch line has no relation to the body of the joke  that is, it is actually not funny  but participants in the prank pretend otherwise. 		> The effect is to either trick someone unfamiliar with the prank into laughing along as if he or she "gets it" and/or ridicule him or her for not understanding.		Basically for the victim it's a no-win situation. If they laugh, they then get teased for laughing at a joke that wasn't funny. If they don't laugh, they get teased for not getting the joke!But what if it's funny because it's absurd? ;)
> This is called a "No soap, radio!" joke.		Didn't know this was a thing. We've been doing this in my family for years.Two Penguins are sitting in a bathtub, one says "Pass me the soap" and the other says "What do you think I am a radio?"
In Finland we have similiar joke that goes "I went to the store, but then suddenly a spoon!" which means basicly a joke that makes zero sense. Then suddenly: *holds up spork*
Shit I remember that phrase. Where's it from again?I'm not sure what you mean. It's called "No soap, radio" because that's the punchline.		I say a joke "Why'd the chicken cross the road?" and the punchline is "No soap, radio!" and the joke is that one of the listeners will pretend that it's the funniest thing ever and then the other listener will either pretend it's funny or be mocked for not getting it.		The weird thing is that once you understand it, they actually become funny because you know what's happening.
Such a wholesome reaction to crashing your car :)my first reaction would be me being thankful that no one was injured :)
Is it us?!It is! 
Bin zwar nicht OP, aber gern geschehenEverytime I see a comment in German on Reddit, I get so excited because I'm learning German right now! And now I've learned a new word, "zwar," so dankeschoen! :) 
You can be that adorable, man!I'm actually hooking up with a girl right now who says I am! it's crazy how something small like that can make me feel so much better :)
[removed]My boyfriend tells me how painfully unfunny I am every day because I rarely make good jokes, and I hate it. I would very much rather have him fake laugh at every one of my jokes just to see me smile than tell me every time I make a joke that I'm not funny. 
[removed]I think that's not a great analogy. In this case, even after the wife finds out she still has a husband who loves her. In that case, the band didn't actually have all of those great fans.
Aw this made me feel better. I have a bully in my class I'm currently dealing with in nursing school. I'm 24 years old and dealing with a bully :( Don't allow it. I had a bully at my old age of 43 and dealt with her for a year. Finally told her what kind of person she was and how she made me feel. She couldn't handle the truth but her biggest fear was others thinking bad of her. She begged me not to let anyone believe she was being a bully. It was too late for that, she'd already don't that damage on her own. I left after that though.		I know you are in school and can't just leave but don't let it drag. I'm so sorry you are dealing with this. It makes things so much more difficult. Maybe you can move classes? I don't understand what people get out of doing that to others. I wouldn't be able to sleep at night knowing I had intentionally bullied someone that day. 	
I'm cute :)Am i cute?
Hasn't worked so far, but I always tell me self if I keep at it, it will eventually. If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own. >If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own.		This is something serial daters really need to understand.
Hasn't worked so far, but I always tell me self if I keep at it, it will eventually. If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own. Take care of your mind and body. Happiness is infectious - if you are happy and proud of yourself then others will gravitate toward you.
Hasn't worked so far, but I always tell me self if I keep at it, it will eventually. If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own. Sometimes it takes a week. Sometimes it takes 40 years. But if you keep being a confident, cool, collected person, and you reasonably "put yourself out there" e.g meet new people every now and then, you'll eventually meet the right person. There are too many humans on the planet for you not to meet one of the many compatible people out there :D
Hasn't worked so far, but I always tell me self if I keep at it, it will eventually. If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own. What worked best for me was showing interest in my potential SO while also showing interest in being myself. :)
Hasn't worked so far, but I always tell me self if I keep at it, it will eventually. If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own. I think you're on the right path, but I've also found that mildly flirting through the use of mildly risqu jokes can really help make inroads. 		If the other person doesn't find your sense of humor funny, then obviously you two are not meant for each other. 		If you two do have compatible senses of humor, then try doing some activities together and keep up the jokes. If you can make her laugh at dirty jokes and you enjoy the same activities, I have found that is a damn good start to something more! 
Hey pal, I think that is amazing advice! But for some of us, the whole initial talking thing is super scary. If you don't care, I'm going to use this reply to help some of our other pals that might need advice. 		I strongly recommend that if striking up a conversation with strangers irl is hard, try looking online. I met my husband on OKCupid back in 2012 *not the subreddit. Please don't go there for advice.* so I know for a fact that it is possible, but I don't know if that website is "good" anymore. You should do a little shopping I guess, haha.		If you do look online and find a person you want to talk to, being too forward is generally not a good idea. Strike up a conversation about something you have in common from their profile. Talk to them for a few days and then make plans to meet. If they aren't interested, or if you aren't interested in attention from someone, that's ok. Just say sorry and move on. 		NEVER give anyone money and NEVER meet in a secluded area by yourself. Please be safe! 		Good luck pals! I met my boyfriends on okcupid! I mentioned I liked Mad Men in my profile and he asked if I'd caught up on the most recent season. We met up for coffee the next week and we've been together for four years now. :)	
Hey pal, I think that is amazing advice! But for some of us, the whole initial talking thing is super scary. If you don't care, I'm going to use this reply to help some of our other pals that might need advice. 		I strongly recommend that if striking up a conversation with strangers irl is hard, try looking online. I met my husband on OKCupid back in 2012 *not the subreddit. Please don't go there for advice.* so I know for a fact that it is possible, but I don't know if that website is "good" anymore. You should do a little shopping I guess, haha.		If you do look online and find a person you want to talk to, being too forward is generally not a good idea. Strike up a conversation about something you have in common from their profile. Talk to them for a few days and then make plans to meet. If they aren't interested, or if you aren't interested in attention from someone, that's ok. Just say sorry and move on. 		NEVER give anyone money and NEVER meet in a secluded area by yourself. Please be safe! 		Good luck pals! Weird to downvote this, guys. It's sound advice :)
Well then I should just continue like now :)I agree with that advice, but also there are a few easy things you can do to improve your chances. Make sure you're hygienic and look fairly decent (edit: I meant clothes and stuff, I realized that it sounded like I was saying you just had to be attractive), and don't be afraid to approach women. If you see someone you find attractive, give them a smile and a genuine compliment, and try to start conversation, even if it's something mundane. 		Don't go looking for dates, but do make an effort to interact with people you're interested in. Most of the time it'll just end with you both feeling a little bit happier as you go on with your day, but it only takes one time for you to click. 
nice usernameThanks Friendo. I like yours too.
Yes but there are two things to know.		>1) No couple on couple sex stuff	>	>2) We're going to hunt you for sport.  Nothing personal.psssh...nothin personnel...kid...
Yes but there are two things to know.		>1) No couple on couple sex stuff	>	>2) We're going to hunt you for sport.  Nothing personal.> 2) We're going to hunt you for sport. Nothing personal.		That's my fetish.
We've been together 15 years.  So far so good.That's awesome. Here's to 15 more!
But what if it's funny because it's absurd? ;)I laughed so hard I cried and kept laughing so hard I started coughing which is when people know I'm not faking it. The joke was "what's the difference between a duck?  It's feet!"		I just imagined this duck searching for footwear and not being able to find any and going mental in a footwear store and lost it completely. Whereas my family actually thought it was a no soap no radio joke.		I explained that a duck has two feet that are identical so there's no difference between them, they then got confused that I was the first person in days to actually think the joke had meaning.		I love the shit out of some absurdist comedy because my brain tries to make it work and then completes the joke.
Two Penguins are sitting in a bathtub, one says "Pass me the soap" and the other says "What do you think I am a radio?"Lmao
Two Penguins are sitting in a bathtub, one says "Pass me the soap" and the other says "What do you think I am a radio?"Lol these jokes are actually pretty funny. I don't get it but they're funny.
It is! :D
It is! Guys, it's us!
Everytime I see a comment in German on Reddit, I get so excited because I'm learning German right now! And now I've learned a new word, "zwar," so dankeschoen! :) Weiter so :D
I'm actually hooking up with a girl right now who says I am! it's crazy how something small like that can make me feel so much better :)Username...
My boyfriend tells me how painfully unfunny I am every day because I rarely make good jokes, and I hate it. I would very much rather have him fake laugh at every one of my jokes just to see me smile than tell me every time I make a joke that I'm not funny. He sounds kinda like a poophead though
Am i cute?Everyone is cute. 
Am i cute?You sure are, but what's cutest is believing in yourself!
>If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own.		This is something serial daters really need to understand.You can do both. "The one" doesn't happen along because you're doing your thing and they think "that's awesome I totally want you."
>If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own.		This is something serial daters really need to understand.Maybe some people just like dating?
>If it doesn't? I still had a ton of fun doing what I love, instead of wasting time searching for something that should come on its own.		This is something serial daters really need to understand.I have a friend who is never not actively talking to someone. He just got out of a bad relationship, started talking to/making out with a coworker who had a boyfriend, got back in his bad relationship, and is now out of it again. Now he's going to prom with a girl he works with. He's only 19, but he's a sophomore in college. I told him he shouldn't go. Like, just take a break dude, you don't always have to be with someone!
Sometimes it takes a week. Sometimes it takes 40 years. But if you keep being a confident, cool, collected person, and you reasonably "put yourself out there" e.g meet new people every now and then, you'll eventually meet the right person. There are too many humans on the planet for you not to meet one of the many compatible people out there :D> put yourself out there		That's the part numerous comments miss. Just doing your thing & being awesome isn't enough. Your "thing" has to include numerous social aspects with members of a compatible sex. It's a numbers game!
Girls want someone who does their own thing. If you don't have something you truly love doing, go try and find it. Then start doing that. 		A girl might come around and she might not. Worst case scenario you're still doing something you love What if your own thing doesn't involve leaving the house?
>  but I always tell me self if I keep at it, it will eventually. 		For this argument's purposes, that also counts as "trying". Stop caring about it. Stop thinking about it.No no. Keep at it means the things I love doing. Skate/longboarding, snowboarding, BMX, video games, working on computers. Like all that stuff I'll keep at. 
Weird to downvote this, guys. It's sound advice :)Thanks! I just figured that I would provide more advice to help our shy friends. :)
Thanks Friendo. I like yours too.Could I hear one of what you got		I like potatos
That's awesome. Here's to 15 more!After that we're done.  And I don't mean divorce.  I mean we're going to Thelma and Louise it.  Except I'm a dude. 
:DHow to I become part of this love you all have for each other?
:DWho's a good boy?
Username...What's 2rapey4you may be just the right amount of rapey for his lucky gal.
Everyone is cute. Mommy was right all along! 
Everyone is cute. EVERYONE IS AWESOME! 
You can do both. "The one" doesn't happen along because you're doing your thing and they think "that's awesome I totally want you."Exactly this. No need to make yourself miserable being someone your not to attract someone, but if your idea of being true to yourself doesn't include you routinely meeting new people, you're not going to magically find yourself dating someone. Don't tell yourself that just as an excuse not to put in the work. 
You can do both. "The one" doesn't happen along because you're doing your thing and they think "that's awesome I totally want you."Worked for me! Sometimes life is really amazing :)
I have a friend who is never not actively talking to someone. He just got out of a bad relationship, started talking to/making out with a coworker who had a boyfriend, got back in his bad relationship, and is now out of it again. Now he's going to prom with a girl he works with. He's only 19, but he's a sophomore in college. I told him he shouldn't go. Like, just take a break dude, you don't always have to be with someone!That sounds exhausting. I hope he finds what he's looking for.
> put yourself out there		That's the part numerous comments miss. Just doing your thing & being awesome isn't enough. Your "thing" has to include numerous social aspects with members of a compatible sex. It's a numbers game!I don't have a thing...		I work, go to the gym, talk with friends at the gym, rarely go out and get home make food and play video games with friends. 		I feel happy when people have a conversation with me, I leave happy when the conversation ends, I laugh, I invest into the conversation, I share the joke and everything.		I think I am a social person, but i have depression when at home (I live alone) and don't have depression for a hour or two after work/gym.		I have tried dance courses actually, did two, might do the third (further advanceing) just to socialize with strangers, but deep down I don't think dancing is my thing. I got good at it too, made me happy for some time, but again, ends when I get home. 		Luckily I have family, but that can only go so far. I need to love someone and that someone to love me back, I really think I do. 		Im 23 by the way, im feeling like the clock is ticking and whenever im too alone, my thoughts slip into what could've been and that results in me slipping further into the hole of depression- it's not a happy time for me. 		I live in Sweden, if that's relevant. 		Edit; Thank you all for your comments, tips and support. I appreciate it, It may be strange to open up out in the open on the internet, but I trust that most here are decent people and that we all wish the best for eachother.		edit; I forgot to mention, I do have a activity that im currently enjoying quite alot. And that is Archery (in a club), im shooting with my dads longbow, pretty awesome.  
> put yourself out there		That's the part numerous comments miss. Just doing your thing & being awesome isn't enough. Your "thing" has to include numerous social aspects with members of a compatible sex. It's a numbers game!Sure, I think they were talking more about formalised dating e.g tinder and stuff. You obviously need to expose yourself to meeting new people if you want to find someone, just not in a way that's desperate. Just be a chill, cool person, and do things, and you'll eventually randomly meet a compatible single person.		Not that online dating is bad, it clearly works for a lot of people :)
Could I hear one of what you got		I like potatosIronically, I only have a few. And they're not great...		An example;	*What do you call a baby potato? A small fry!*
Could I hear one of what you got		I like potatoswhat's a potato?
Who's a good boy?It's you!!
What's 2rapey4you may be just the right amount of rapey for his lucky gal.shit, she's more of a freak than I am. really lucked out
EVERYONE IS AWESOME! EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!
Exactly this. No need to make yourself miserable being someone your not to attract someone, but if your idea of being true to yourself doesn't include you routinely meeting new people, you're not going to magically find yourself dating someone. Don't tell yourself that just as an excuse not to put in the work. Yeah, I work at a microbrewery consisting of 3 guys, and as a result most of my social circles are centred around men over 40. My hobbies are brewing, woodworking, blacksmithing, and solo outdoors stuff. As a 21 year old guy, I have to kind of reach out a bit if I'm looking for someone.		Then you find someone who is quite interesting and finds your stuff interesting too, who isn't just humouring you by going around old castles with you, and you actually don't mind having some company doing the things you used to do solo.		Just because you reach out doesn't mean you won't find someone who shares your weird tastes! 
Not if you're male at leastThe grass is always greener. 
I don't have a thing...		I work, go to the gym, talk with friends at the gym, rarely go out and get home make food and play video games with friends. 		I feel happy when people have a conversation with me, I leave happy when the conversation ends, I laugh, I invest into the conversation, I share the joke and everything.		I think I am a social person, but i have depression when at home (I live alone) and don't have depression for a hour or two after work/gym.		I have tried dance courses actually, did two, might do the third (further advanceing) just to socialize with strangers, but deep down I don't think dancing is my thing. I got good at it too, made me happy for some time, but again, ends when I get home. 		Luckily I have family, but that can only go so far. I need to love someone and that someone to love me back, I really think I do. 		Im 23 by the way, im feeling like the clock is ticking and whenever im too alone, my thoughts slip into what could've been and that results in me slipping further into the hole of depression- it's not a happy time for me. 		I live in Sweden, if that's relevant. 		Edit; Thank you all for your comments, tips and support. I appreciate it, It may be strange to open up out in the open on the internet, but I trust that most here are decent people and that we all wish the best for eachother.		edit; I forgot to mention, I do have a activity that im currently enjoying quite alot. And that is Archery (in a club), im shooting with my dads longbow, pretty awesome.  Give bouldering a try.
I don't have a thing...		I work, go to the gym, talk with friends at the gym, rarely go out and get home make food and play video games with friends. 		I feel happy when people have a conversation with me, I leave happy when the conversation ends, I laugh, I invest into the conversation, I share the joke and everything.		I think I am a social person, but i have depression when at home (I live alone) and don't have depression for a hour or two after work/gym.		I have tried dance courses actually, did two, might do the third (further advanceing) just to socialize with strangers, but deep down I don't think dancing is my thing. I got good at it too, made me happy for some time, but again, ends when I get home. 		Luckily I have family, but that can only go so far. I need to love someone and that someone to love me back, I really think I do. 		Im 23 by the way, im feeling like the clock is ticking and whenever im too alone, my thoughts slip into what could've been and that results in me slipping further into the hole of depression- it's not a happy time for me. 		I live in Sweden, if that's relevant. 		Edit; Thank you all for your comments, tips and support. I appreciate it, It may be strange to open up out in the open on the internet, but I trust that most here are decent people and that we all wish the best for eachother.		edit; I forgot to mention, I do have a activity that im currently enjoying quite alot. And that is Archery (in a club), im shooting with my dads longbow, pretty awesome.  If it's possible, I'd recommend a pet? Like seriously, my cat helped with my depression massively. 	When I'm feeling sad at the end of the day, something coming over to love me for being me is just... Nice. 		But otherwise, you're only 23. It's not that old. I don't know if Sweden has meetup - but you could try that. People give it flack, but tinder too. I mean even just chatting and flirting with people on there can build up confidence.		Have you tried online dating? People are rude about it, but as I'm not a big drinker, and I like to have conversations with people more, I've found that talking to people online helps...		And go to the doctor. If you feel depressed, you should always go to the doctor. Going to the doctor isnt going to instantly cure you, but it will help give you the tools you need to make you not-depressed. And it'll help you to find the thing that is holding you back - and only you can really figure it out, not someone else. You think right now it's because you're lonely, but you don't sound lonely. Go and figure it out with the doctor.		P.s. there is nothing wrong with taking pills for depression if you need to as well. Taking citalopram is what helped me to make the changes my life needed for me to be not depressed - and I would have stayed in the spiral of depression had I not made those changes. Once I made the changes, I could stop taking citalopram.		Importantly - I went to the doctors while my depression was pretty new.	Do not let the depression sit... Please :)
Ironically, I only have a few. And they're not great...		An example;	*What do you call a baby potato? A small fry!*[deleted]
EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!EVERYTHING IS COOL WHEN YOU'RE PART OF A TEAM!
Yeah, I work at a microbrewery consisting of 3 guys, and as a result most of my social circles are centred around men over 40. My hobbies are brewing, woodworking, blacksmithing, and solo outdoors stuff. As a 21 year old guy, I have to kind of reach out a bit if I'm looking for someone.		Then you find someone who is quite interesting and finds your stuff interesting too, who isn't just humouring you by going around old castles with you, and you actually don't mind having some company doing the things you used to do solo.		Just because you reach out doesn't mean you won't find someone who shares your weird tastes! Lmao you're an outdoorsy and extremely handy 21 year old working at a microbrewery? I'm a dude and even my panties are wet
Yeah, I work at a microbrewery consisting of 3 guys, and as a result most of my social circles are centred around men over 40. My hobbies are brewing, woodworking, blacksmithing, and solo outdoors stuff. As a 21 year old guy, I have to kind of reach out a bit if I'm looking for someone.		Then you find someone who is quite interesting and finds your stuff interesting too, who isn't just humouring you by going around old castles with you, and you actually don't mind having some company doing the things you used to do solo.		Just because you reach out doesn't mean you won't find someone who shares your weird tastes! Your life sounds pretty rad even without girls. 
Yeah, I work at a microbrewery consisting of 3 guys, and as a result most of my social circles are centred around men over 40. My hobbies are brewing, woodworking, blacksmithing, and solo outdoors stuff. As a 21 year old guy, I have to kind of reach out a bit if I'm looking for someone.		Then you find someone who is quite interesting and finds your stuff interesting too, who isn't just humouring you by going around old castles with you, and you actually don't mind having some company doing the things you used to do solo.		Just because you reach out doesn't mean you won't find someone who shares your weird tastes! How does one get into blacksmithing as a hobby? I've been interested in it for a while, but never known how to start
Give bouldering a try.Pretty surefire way to get your rocks off
Head down to a bar. Try and reconnect with high school friends. Who knows? There's dozens, maybe even hundreds of ways for you to find 'the one', and they're all just waiting in your lap.I am shy/have a hard time to "go". bite bullet and go, it's hard. 
EVERYTHING IS COOL WHEN YOU'RE PART OF A TEAM!AM I PART OF THIS TEAM?
Lmao you're an outdoorsy and extremely handy 21 year old working at a microbrewery? I'm a dude and even my panties are wetI bet he has a great beard. 
Your life sounds pretty rad even without girls. It's pretty sweet, the work is less glamourous than it sounds but immensely satisfying! But it's really nice to have someone to come home and chat with at the end of the day, even if that's just over the phone, just kinda ties the day off! 
Your life sounds pretty rad even without girls. As a girl, I agree ( *castles* )
How does one get into blacksmithing as a hobby? I've been interested in it for a while, but never known how to startIt's fairly easy if you have a yard! You don't need lots of expensive equipment, at least to start with, you might choose to later on to make your life easier. I'd strongly recommend finding a blacksmith near you who does classes if you can- it gives you a taster without having to invest anything into it, and you'll be impressed with what you can produce just after the first day!		Doing it at home is also great, but you have to build/buy equipment first, and you'll likely be disappointed with your first session or two. As a result, quite a few end up quitting and wasting that time/money they put into starting. But stick at it- you will get good! 		I'd recommend starting with a solid fuel (coal or charcoal) forge, because they're easier than gas. It can be as simple as a hole in the ground. You need to force air in to get it up to temp, the easiest way is a hairdryer taped up to some steel pipe which sits at the bottom of the fire. You need some steel- steel stock is very cheap- I'd recommend using normal stock as IDing scrap takes some eyeballing and can make your life unnecessarily difficult as a beginner. You need something to hit it on- an anvil, bit of railroad track or just a lump of mild steel will do the job- many people use a big old sledgehammer head! You need something to hit it with- a hammer. Something to hold it- your hand is fine if the piece is large (you'll be surprised how bad steel is at conducting heat). Tongs are best, but big pliers or vice grips will do a job. The great thing with blacksmithing is that you can make your own tools, get your basics down first, simple hammer and anvil stuff, then after a while you can be making your own tongs, chisels and punches which you can go on to use in your products. 		I can't stress enough, to start with, keep it simple. Learn your basic operations- tapering, rounding, drawing, upsetting and bending- you will use these in absolutely everything you do. I thought I was hot shit and thought I'd go straight to knifemaking... only dissappointment follows! Do lots of simple stuff, then start introducing new skills. It's just as important for learning your skills as it is for building confidence. 		Check out /r/blacksmith, they're a friendly bunch and will be happy to help. iforgeiron.com is also an amazing resource, but I wouldn't start posting until you've read up most of the resources. There's a fair number of grumpy old fellas there who have done this as a living and now have to put up with a dozen people saying "I dont' know anything about blacksmithing, but tell me how to make a sword!" every day! Check out the '55 Forge' on there- it's a simple forge made from an old oil drum. I made one and it served me well for a year before I moved on. The other simple style is a brake drum forge.		Good luck out there! 
I am shy/have a hard time to "go". bite bullet and go, it's hard. Get out as much as you can. Its tempting to just stay at home and be a hermit, but if you keep doing it, before you know it, youll be 30 without achieving anything socially.		Do whatever it takes. Try a new hobbies every week until something sticks. Look up meetup.com. Make a bucket list stuff and act on it IMMEDIATELY (bungie jump, take a flight class, yoga/whatever). Go to the library and read self development books (I recommend David burns' book intimate connections in your case - it helped me with shyness/getting close to other people)		AVOID THE HOME AT ALL COSTS
