The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desert*Wat is that bus doing pulling over up there in the middle of nowhere?   Now most of them are on the road.*		*Man I hope they're not here ambush and kill me---*		*OH that was nice!*
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertHe's just used 10 times the energy he would've normally used for that small stretch of road. But damn, if that wouldn't pump you up and put a smile on your face during a long ride. 
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertEveryone's a winner :-)
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertBiker: "It's hot, I'm tired. Pedal pedal pedal. Why did I decide to do this in a desert? Pedal pedal. Wait, what's that? A broken down van? Wait, is that...Eye of the Tiger? Are they cheering me on? A finish line? Oh man oh man oh man. Pedalpedalpedal wheeeeeee ohmygosh best bike ride ever!"
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertAnyone have the original with sound?
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the deserthey! thats my bus!	feel free to give check us out and give us a like and follow on facebook www.facebook.com/themagicbusaustralia	or instagram www.instagram/themagicbusaustralia.		www.themagicbusaustralia.com.au		thanks guys! hope you enjoyed our little video!
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertIf that finish line didn't break... 	would not be wholesome 
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertRising up, stuck in the heat		waiting for the bus driiiiver
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertHaha I was on this bus for ages. Used to pull this shit all the time.
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the deserthttps://youtu.be/wOur8qXvpnk
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertThere's a really steep, long road in my town that's a favorite for cyclists trying to push themselves. I decided to give it a try one day and was out of breath and wobbly legs half way through. Out of nowhere comes a car full of college students hanging out the windows, hooting and hollering, shouting words of encouragement. 	"You can do it! 	"Keep going! "	" So strong! "		One even had a cowbell, which makes me think they might do this pretty regularly. It actually gave me the motivation to get out of the saddle and really push myself up the test of the hill! 
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertSorry everyone, this entire time I hadn't realized that my Imgur only uploaded 2 seconds of the gif. [Here is the rest of the wholesomeness](http://i.imgur.com/crGTy8x.gifv)
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertIf that happened to me I would not be comfortable going through that finish line.
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertIf that finish line didn't break... would not be comfortable going through that finish line. r/gifsthatendtoosoon.
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desert[Remi's take on this bit is awesome](https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=0CSn3Np1LyU) 		Edit: Have to watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=WV-AocBLbC0) one after if you liked the first one. Man it's easy finding ways to not be productive.
The magic bus Australia creates fake finish lines for bored cyclists in the middle of the desertNot a lot to do in Australia I take it 
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		I want the rules for /r/wholesomememes to be the rules for life. 
*Wat is that bus doing pulling over up there in the middle of nowhere?   Now most of them are on the road.*		*Man I hope they're not here ambush and kill me---*		*OH that was nice!*Thats not the middle of nowhere, thats a town centre.
*Wat is that bus doing pulling over up there in the middle of nowhere?   Now most of them are on the road.*		*Man I hope they're not here ambush and kill me---*		*OH that was nice!*It's Australia most of it is middle of nowhere
*Wat is that bus doing pulling over up there in the middle of nowhere?   Now most of them are on the road.*		*Man I hope they're not here ambush and kill me---*		*OH that was nice!*But what if she thought they were gonna murder her but she actually has Viking ancestry so she pulls a battle-axe from her buttcheeks and then screams "For Valhalla" and begins to fight them and she does well at first but then they over power her and try to explain but like a true Viking she doesn't stop fighting and they have to kill her			And it would still be wholesome because they helped get her into Valhalla.
He's just used 10 times the energy he would've normally used for that small stretch of road. But damn, if that wouldn't pump you up and put a smile on your face during a long ride. Plus he/she has such an awesome story to tell now
He's just used 10 times the energy he would've normally used for that small stretch of road. But damn, if that wouldn't pump you up and put a smile on your face during a long ride. he might have used 10 times the energy he normally would, but he got 100 times more from it
He's just used 10 times the energy he would've normally used for that small stretch of road. But damn, if that wouldn't pump you up and put a smile on your face during a long ride. For real though, that's the kind of thing that would reinvigorate me really well and get my energy back up if I were struggling. 
Everyone's a winner :-)Harmless and inspiring fun is the name of the game ;o)
Everyone's a winner :-)What about me? :c
Biker: "It's hot, I'm tired. Pedal pedal pedal. Why did I decide to do this in a desert? Pedal pedal. Wait, what's that? A broken down van? Wait, is that...Eye of the Tiger? Are they cheering me on? A finish line? Oh man oh man oh man. Pedalpedalpedal wheeeeeee ohmygosh best bike ride ever!"Completely worth it
Biker: "It's hot, I'm tired. Pedal pedal pedal. Why did I decide to do this in a desert? Pedal pedal. Wait, what's that? A broken down van? Wait, is that...Eye of the Tiger? Are they cheering me on? A finish line? Oh man oh man oh man. Pedalpedalpedal wheeeeeee ohmygosh best bike ride ever!"And I think he's got a camera on his helmet, so now he's got a great story to tell.
Biker: "It's hot, I'm tired. Pedal pedal pedal. Why did I decide to do this in a desert? Pedal pedal. Wait, what's that? A broken down van? Wait, is that...Eye of the Tiger? Are they cheering me on? A finish line? Oh man oh man oh man. Pedalpedalpedal wheeeeeee ohmygosh best bike ride ever!"> Eye of the Tiger? Are they cheering me on? 		Finish line or not, Eye of the Tiger always pumps me up, and gets me in a good mood. They picked a perfect song for Rocky, I have to admit. 
Biker: "It's hot, I'm tired. Pedal pedal pedal. Why did I decide to do this in a desert? Pedal pedal. Wait, what's that? A broken down van? Wait, is that...Eye of the Tiger? Are they cheering me on? A finish line? Oh man oh man oh man. Pedalpedalpedal wheeeeeee ohmygosh best bike ride ever!"Sometimes when I'm driving and I see people struggling with a run, ill blast some "pump you up" type music, and I'll lower my window and cheer them on, or give them a thumbs up in the hopes that it energises them. A little encouragement can go a long way.
Biker: "It's hot, I'm tired. Pedal pedal pedal. Why did I decide to do this in a desert? Pedal pedal. Wait, what's that? A broken down van? Wait, is that...Eye of the Tiger? Are they cheering me on? A finish line? Oh man oh man oh man. Pedalpedalpedal wheeeeeee ohmygosh best bike ride ever!""...You're telling me this isn't the end? 300 more miles? Are you taking the piss?"
Anyone have the original with sound?[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DTmN-RyIW4)
Anyone have the original with sound?[deleted]
hey! thats my bus!	feel free to give check us out and give us a like and follow on facebook www.facebook.com/themagicbusaustralia	or instagram www.instagram/themagicbusaustralia.		www.themagicbusaustralia.com.au		thanks guys! hope you enjoyed our little video!Check out u/johnnybum 's comment because there is an interest in you doing an AMA about this wholesome awesomeness. :)
hey! thats my bus!	feel free to give check us out and give us a like and follow on facebook www.facebook.com/themagicbusaustralia	or instagram www.instagram/themagicbusaustralia.		www.themagicbusaustralia.com.au		thanks guys! hope you enjoyed our little video!Heyo you forgot the .com in your instagram link!		https://www.instagram.com/themagicbusaustralia/
hey! thats my bus!	feel free to give check us out and give us a like and follow on facebook www.facebook.com/themagicbusaustralia	or instagram www.instagram/themagicbusaustralia.		www.themagicbusaustralia.com.au		thanks guys! hope you enjoyed our little video!If you guys are ever in Port Hedland, WA look me up, we take part in couch surfing, plenty of room for you all to park your bus, clean up, do laundry, and recharge before you hit the road again. :)
If that finish line didn't break... 	would not be wholesome I dunno, it'd become quite the story to tell friends of how I got clothes-line'd by a random bus. As long as they were sure to avoid lining it up to the neck, I'd be okay with it...		But yes, them using something that snapped easily was a far more enjoyable event.		EDIT: Little grammar error.
If that finish line didn't break... 	would not be wholesome If that cyclist was in an actual race, the fake finish line would not be wholesome.
If that finish line didn't break... 	would not be wholesome It looks like it's just toilet paper 
Rising up, stuck in the heat		waiting for the bus driiiiverDrove some distance, now we're stuck on our feet,	  	With a van with broken starter drive
Rising up, stuck in the heat		waiting for the bus driiiiver*It's the, magic bus driver*		*It's the thrill of the ride* 		
Haha I was on this bus for ages. Used to pull this shit all the time.Do tell!
Sorry everyone, this entire time I hadn't realized that my Imgur only uploaded 2 seconds of the gif. [Here is the rest of the wholesomeness](http://i.imgur.com/crGTy8x.gifv)It's all good, friend. :) If two seconds gets you 2500 points, imagine the wholesomeness the whole gif will bring!
r/gifsthatendtoosoonHere's probably how the rest went:		- Cyclist breaks tape, everyone cheers!	- Someone shuts the music off, it's quiet	- Everyone files back into the bus in silence, the thrill gone, depressed again	- The bus starts up and drives down the lonely road	- Awkward moment when they pass the cyclist again
Thats not the middle of nowhere, thats a town centre.Happen'n place.
Thats not the middle of nowhere, thats a town centre.Where you recruit villagers
Thats not the middle of nowhere, thats a town centre.That's not a town, THIS is a town
It's Australia most of it is middle of nowherePerfect place to ambush someone and ... do something nice for them.
It's Australia most of it is middle of nowhereMore than 90% of Australians live on 0.22% of the total land area. Ie. the 5 major costal centres, ^^^and ^^^Canberra 
Plus he/she has such an awesome story to tell nowI love that we have the ability to make any random stranger's day, and give them a great story to tell their friends and coworkers.
Plus he/she has such an awesome story to tell now[deleted]
Plus he/she has such an awesome story to tell now"...... And then I won this race I didn't even know I was in!"
Plus he/she has such an awesome story to tell nowI guarantee if I told that story it'd end up on 	r/thathappened
he might have used 10 times the energy he normally would, but he got 100 times more from it/r/theydidthemath
What about me? :cYou're a winner to me :)
Completely worth itIt's a reminder for us all to set small goals in our lives so we can have small victories all the time. We get so caught up on goals like purchasing a house, then we beat ourselves up when we haven't achieved that goal just yet. 		Instead, set goals to save a certain amount every week, or month towards purchasing a home. And acknowledge each time you achieve your goal. Stop beating yourself up because you haven't won at life yet, and start recognizing that you are always successful as long as you are still trying to win.  
And I think he's got a camera on his helmet, so now he's got a great story to tell.And without the camera he wouldn't?
Sometimes when I'm driving and I see people struggling with a run, ill blast some "pump you up" type music, and I'll lower my window and cheer them on, or give them a thumbs up in the hopes that it energises them. A little encouragement can go a long way.You're a real-life Lucio!
[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DTmN-RyIW4)Thanks bud		And holy crap, he has a long way to go
I dunno, it'd become quite the story to tell friends of how I got clothes-line'd by a random bus. As long as they were sure to avoid lining it up to the neck, I'd be okay with it...		But yes, them using something that snapped easily was a far more enjoyable event.		EDIT: Little grammar error.depends a lot how fast one is biking.
If that cyclist was in an actual race, the fake finish line would not be wholesome.It would if it was the last guy to finish.
If that cyclist was in an actual race, the fake finish line would not be wholesome.Can you even imagine 
Drove some distance, now we're stuck on our feet,	  	With a van with broken starter driveIt's a    	Drive through the Outback    	It's the ride of your life    	We'll go    	From Yalata to Widgiemooltha    
Do tell!If there was enough interest I could try get Jake (owner of bus) to do an ama or something.
What was the worst part about prison?THE DEMENTORS FLYIN ALL OVER THE PLACE AND THEY SUCK THE SOUL OUT OF YOUR BODY! AND IT HURT!
I'd think they were gonna rob me You think a bus full of people needs to set up an elaborate fake finish line ruse to rob you? There's much more good in this world than bad, you should make a good assumption be your initial response, it takes the same energy and you're open to more cool shit happening. 
Where you recruit villagersMount and Blade?
https://youtu.be/LvSL4vTcFzY	Am I missing some blatant sarcasm or does it look pretty desertyWho uploads a video to youtube with no audio??? 		[Here it is with audio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DTmN-RyIW4)
Perfect place to ambush someone and ... do something nice for them.It's a crazy place Australia. I lived there for a while. I've never been in a place that you could easily drive 1-2 hrs out of a city and be so.... alone. Not like oh I'm in country /farming land isolation... no like holy shit "did I just leave earth? Alone" and "I better turn around because my car doesn't have enough fuel for the next petrol station a couple hundred km away"
More than 90% of Australians live on 0.22% of the total land area. Ie. the 5 major costal centres, ^^^and ^^^Canberra Canberran here - pretty accurate :(
I love that we have the ability to make any random stranger's day, and give them a great story to tell their friends and coworkers.Not only that, but we can do it EVERY day, multiple times a day! Happiness is an infinite resource that everyone can share with each other. Life is cool.
I guarantee if I told that story it'd end up on 	r/thathappened/r/nothingeverhappens 
/r/theydidthemathr/theydidthewholesomemath
You're a winner to me :)Yay :]
It's a reminder for us all to set small goals in our lives so we can have small victories all the time. We get so caught up on goals like purchasing a house, then we beat ourselves up when we haven't achieved that goal just yet. 		Instead, set goals to save a certain amount every week, or month towards purchasing a home. And acknowledge each time you achieve your goal. Stop beating yourself up because you haven't won at life yet, and start recognizing that you are always successful as long as you are still trying to win.  Thanks for saying this :)
It's a reminder for us all to set small goals in our lives so we can have small victories all the time. We get so caught up on goals like purchasing a house, then we beat ourselves up when we haven't achieved that goal just yet. 		Instead, set goals to save a certain amount every week, or month towards purchasing a home. And acknowledge each time you achieve your goal. Stop beating yourself up because you haven't won at life yet, and start recognizing that you are always successful as long as you are still trying to win.  I like to set my goals small and have a big reward. Got outta bed today? Congrats you get to play video games till 4 am! Brushed my teeth? Hell yeah I earned this pizza. Finished an assignment? Sweet I can push the others off for tomorrow!
It's a reminder for us all to set small goals in our lives so we can have small victories all the time. We get so caught up on goals like purchasing a house, then we beat ourselves up when we haven't achieved that goal just yet. 		Instead, set goals to save a certain amount every week, or month towards purchasing a home. And acknowledge each time you achieve your goal. Stop beating yourself up because you haven't won at life yet, and start recognizing that you are always successful as long as you are still trying to win.  I liked that a lot thanks for writing that :) 
It's a reminder for us all to set small goals in our lives so we can have small victories all the time. We get so caught up on goals like purchasing a house, then we beat ourselves up when we haven't achieved that goal just yet. 		Instead, set goals to save a certain amount every week, or month towards purchasing a home. And acknowledge each time you achieve your goal. Stop beating yourself up because you haven't won at life yet, and start recognizing that you are always successful as long as you are still trying to win.  That's awesome. 		I'm gonna try some little goals this week		*go to the gym		*food prep for the week		*put even a few dollars in my savings 		*clip my cats nails			The last one is, most definitely, the hardest. But he'll get treaties after and my furniture is saved. So win win!! 
And without the camera he wouldn't?Just no backup. He can put that on Instagram or something and have a good laugh about it.
Thanks bud		And holy crap, he has a long way to goHis calves will be swole af
depends a lot how fast one is biking.And how stretchy the line is and how good one is at cycling backwards.
If there was enough interest I could try get Jake (owner of bus) to do an ama or something.Dude I know nothing about this bus but yes definitely ask
If there was enough interest I could try get Jake (owner of bus) to do an ama or something.I'm interested! Would be awesome to read about what else this magic bus does and how it started :)
Oh...  		Is there a more wholesome alternate ending perhaps? Here's probably how the rest went:		- Cyclist breaks tape, everyone cheers!	- Someone shuts the music off, it's quiet	- Everyone files back into the bus in silence, the thrill gone, depressed again	- The bus starts up and drives down the lonely road	- Awkward moment when they pass the cyclist again 	- Pull over, set up finish line, resume the music	- Cyclist wins their 37th race that day 	- Cyclist looks fondly at their past, and all the races they had won. 	- For the first first time in years they feel the faint spark of happiness	- the end		Better?  
Mount and Blade?Age of Empires
It's a crazy place Australia. I lived there for a while. I've never been in a place that you could easily drive 1-2 hrs out of a city and be so.... alone. Not like oh I'm in country /farming land isolation... no like holy shit "did I just leave earth? Alone" and "I better turn around because my car doesn't have enough fuel for the next petrol station a couple hundred km away"When we were in Australia we were told that if we were driving to the outback we should a) fill up at EVERY gas station, even if the tank isn't empty, because fuel stations are hours apart) and b) actually keep a few full cans of fuel in the car. Coming from Canada we're used to long empty drives, but Australia is something else. 		I'd go back in a heartbeat. 
It's a crazy place Australia. I lived there for a while. I've never been in a place that you could easily drive 1-2 hrs out of a city and be so.... alone. Not like oh I'm in country /farming land isolation... no like holy shit "did I just leave earth? Alone" and "I better turn around because my car doesn't have enough fuel for the next petrol station a couple hundred km away"If you ever wanted to push that sense of isolation to the limit, try driving the full length of the Nullarbor. Some old-fashioned folks still consider it an Australian rite of passage.
Not only that, but we can do it EVERY day, multiple times a day! Happiness is an infinite resource that everyone can share with each other. Life is cool.That was so wholesome I feel better just reading it :D
Not only that, but we can do it EVERY day, multiple times a day! Happiness is an infinite resource that everyone can share with each other. Life is cool."Happiness is an infinite resource" is probably one of the most profound things I've ever read on the internet.
Not only that, but we can do it EVERY day, multiple times a day! Happiness is an infinite resource that everyone can share with each other. Life is cool.As usual the true wholesome meme is in the comments! 
Not only that, but we can do it EVERY day, multiple times a day! Happiness is an infinite resource that everyone can share with each other. Life is cool.Darn I love this subreddit
Not only that, but we can do it EVERY day, multiple times a day! Happiness is an infinite resource that everyone can share with each other. Life is cool.I fucking love this subreddit <3
r/theydidthewholesomemathr/theydidthemonstermash
Yay :]
can i be a winner tooYou've always been a winner 
I like to set my goals small and have a big reward. Got outta bed today? Congrats you get to play video games till 4 am! Brushed my teeth? Hell yeah I earned this pizza. Finished an assignment? Sweet I can push the others off for tomorrow!You gotta start somewhere man! Get out of bed tomorrow? How about you only play vidya games until 2am? Brushed your teeth? Maybe you only eat 3/4 of the pizza? Finished an assignment? Why not knock out one more, keep the momentum going?		Before you know, your perceived 'rewards' won't mean anything at all, and instead you'll be happier, healthier, more productive, and less sleep-deprived! 		The journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step.
Just no backup. He can put that on Instagram or something and have a good laugh about it.We *need* to see that person's footage crossing the line!		Wholesome memers, unite!
His calves will be swole afInteresting thing is... They probably wont be. For ultraendurance cycling events, it's near impossible to get the right nutrition from usually gas stations alone, so they body starts eating into muscle for protein and energy... Usually end up weaker at the end of cycling 150-300mi every day for many days. 		There are two great documentaries of self-supported ultra cycling races on Netflix if anyone is interested:		*Inspired to Ride* covers the Trans Am Bike Race, a 4233mi race across the US. Winner did 250 miles a day. 		*Ride the Divide* covers the Tour Divide, a 2700mi mountain bike race from Alberta to Mexico over the Rockies. 		Both are really fun to watch :) 
And how stretchy the line is and how good one is at cycling backwards.I'd be pretty impressed if he slingshot off and just continued riding backwards into the sunset
Dude I know nothing about this bus but yes definitely askThe fact that we know nothing about this bus is exactly why we need an AMA.
When we were in Australia we were told that if we were driving to the outback we should a) fill up at EVERY gas station, even if the tank isn't empty, because fuel stations are hours apart) and b) actually keep a few full cans of fuel in the car. Coming from Canada we're used to long empty drives, but Australia is something else. 		I'd go back in a heartbeat. I feel like maybe they could make a movie about a guy trying to get fuel for his car. Like he could fight gangs for fuel like warrior on the road, and go to town to barter.
If you ever wanted to push that sense of isolation to the limit, try driving the full length of the Nullarbor. Some old-fashioned folks still consider it an Australian rite of passage.I have done this, it is a surreal experience.
Canberra is coolNo it's not. 
That was so wholesome I feel better just reading it :DFor reals...me too! :]
"Happiness is an infinite resource" is probably one of the most profound things I've ever read on the internet.Brings to mind the old saying that one candle can light a million more without ever losing its own flame.
"Happiness is an infinite resource" is probably one of the most profound things I've ever read on the internet.It is my belief that the fiber of the universe is love. It's hippy dippy as hell but I've always known deep down it was true. And the universe is infinite baby. 
r/theydidthemonstermashr/theydidthemonstermath*
You gotta start somewhere man! Get out of bed tomorrow? How about you only play vidya games until 2am? Brushed your teeth? Maybe you only eat 3/4 of the pizza? Finished an assignment? Why not knock out one more, keep the momentum going?		Before you know, your perceived 'rewards' won't mean anything at all, and instead you'll be happier, healthier, more productive, and less sleep-deprived! 		The journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step.You're a beautiful person. I hope you have a really good day bud. 
You gotta start somewhere man! Get out of bed tomorrow? How about you only play vidya games until 2am? Brushed your teeth? Maybe you only eat 3/4 of the pizza? Finished an assignment? Why not knock out one more, keep the momentum going?		Before you know, your perceived 'rewards' won't mean anything at all, and instead you'll be happier, healthier, more productive, and less sleep-deprived! 		The journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step.Can I get some personalized motivation, too? It's been a rough week.
I feel like maybe they could make a movie about a guy trying to get fuel for his car. Like he could fight gangs for fuel like warrior on the road, and go to town to barter.They could call it Angry Andy
For reals...me too! :]After a long day there's nothing like opening reddit and seeing a post/comment that makes you smile. Thanks you guys, I really needed it today :)
It is my belief that the fiber of the universe is love. It's hippy dippy as hell but I've always known deep down it was true. And the universe is infinite baby. Yeaahh baby I'm diggin yo vibes groovy traveller
r/theydidthemonstermath*r/itwasagraveyardgraph
Can I get some personalized motivation, too? It's been a rough week.Sometimes rough weeks happen.  But the best part of them is that they make the good weeks seem even better!  Keep pushing through, we all hit rough patches, man.  Perseverance and optimism are what kept me in line for some of the darker times in my life.  Chin up, little soldier :)
They could call it Angry AndyYou'll never see me coming.
They could call it Angry AndyMed mox
After a long day there's nothing like opening reddit and seeing a post/comment that makes you smile. Thanks you guys, I really needed it today :)Yes indeed!
Med moxMed mox is what it would be called in NZ.
