So proud of himIt's going to be a fabulous spring
So proud of himTook me awhile to understand the first sentence. Is it supposed to imply that it's the first time the groundhog is coming out this year?
So proud of himHello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		
So proud of himI look forward to day that everyone is accepted for their sexual orientation.		And when coming out is no longer considered brave, but something that's accepted and celebrated but it's no big deal.		Hopefully one day. 
So proud of himi didn't know idubbbz was a groundhog 
So proud of himSix more fabulous weeks of winter!!
So proud of himI laughed too hard. This caught me off guard,
So proud of himITT: Homophobes
So proud of himI love how this sub doesn't care about reposts because it's all so wholesome!
So proud of him[removed]
So proud of himThe groundhog comes out many times a year. 
So proud of himi would have preferred it without the fourth panel. It just adds words for no reason. Good comic anyways!
So proud of himNow jump down and say something gay
So proud of himMaybe the fox had a crush on the groundhog but instead of rejecting the fox the groundhog took the easy way out and just lied about being gay. 
It's going to be a fabulous springHope everyone has a wholesome spring!
It's going to be a fabulous springThat's hot 
Took me awhile to understand the first sentence. Is it supposed to imply that it's the first time the groundhog is coming out this year?Yes
I look forward to day that everyone is accepted for their sexual orientation.		And when coming out is no longer considered brave, but something that's accepted and celebrated but it's no big deal.		Hopefully one day. I look forward to the day when no one has to come out all. You can just be. 
I look forward to day that everyone is accepted for their sexual orientation.		And when coming out is no longer considered brave, but something that's accepted and celebrated but it's no big deal.		Hopefully one day. The thing is that right now - and a lot of people still don't seem to understand that this is actually the case - it *is* pretty brave to come out. I recently came out as trans, and I don't think I'll ever be able to describe just how impossible it was to do on so many levels - getting over the internalised hatred I had for myself, forcing myself to actually confront something I'd repressed for so many years of my life, and then trying to put that feeling and the feelings I had constantly - which I myself was often confused and scared by - into words, directed at people who I had no guarantee would react remotely positively.		I've had 3 simultaneous large kidney stones, I've lost a huge number of people close to me in my life, but I still consider coming out as the hardest thing I'll probably ever have to go through, despite all the numerous advantages I have over people in worse situations. It makes me kind of upset when I see people trying to downplay how hard coming out is or how people would somehow just do it for attention, because it feels like they're trying to minimise the amount of pain that I and people like me have gone through.		Definitely, hopefully one day that'll be the case though. It just seems like an awfully long way away at the moment.
I look forward to day that everyone is accepted for their sexual orientation.		And when coming out is no longer considered brave, but something that's accepted and celebrated but it's no big deal.		Hopefully one day. Maybe a weird opinion but as someone who grew up with a lesbian aunt i always thought that it's just as weird to put it on a pedestal by celebrating it...i mean when a kid/teen "comes out" by having any kind of romantic interest the usual reaction is just along the lines of "meh..." "ok then..." "that's nice" or a bunch of ribbing about teenage drama. 		Treating the actual comming outs in a way more positively/suportively we're again making the distinction that a coming out is different to starting to show an interest in romance at all which in an ideal world it is not. 
I look forward to day that everyone is accepted for their sexual orientation.		And when coming out is no longer considered brave, but something that's accepted and celebrated but it's no big deal.		Hopefully one day. I respect all religions, but even if your religion is against homosexuality I never understood why you had to push that agenda onto other people for being themselves. Sometimes it would just be best to keep your feelings to yourself and let people be happy.
I look forward to day that everyone is accepted for their sexual orientation.		And when coming out is no longer considered brave, but something that's accepted and celebrated but it's no big deal.		Hopefully one day. That fact that it's so accepted actually makes it a little harder for me. For my parents, I was able to build it up by saying "Hey, I have to tell you something." For my friends, any sort of preamble to it may seem like a bit overdramatic. 
i didn't know idubbbz was a groundhog Hey that's pretty good.
i didn't know idubbbz was a groundhog I wish he was known for more than I'm Gay and Crippling Depression. He has a lot of great videos. Especially his fan unboxings. And the time he destroyed Keemstar and Leafy...
i didn't know idubbbz was a groundhog Anybody can be gay!
i would have preferred it without the fourth panel. It just adds words for no reason. Good comic anyways!The fourth panel is my favourite panel!
i would have preferred it without the fourth panel. It just adds words for no reason. Good comic anyways!They are very happy for their friend.
[removed][removed]
[removed]This is very wholesome. 
[removed]No it isn't.   It really isn't.   You're just wrong.   There's a difference. 
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
[removed]TIL being gay is ONLY about sex and NOTHING else at all. 		EDIT: Original comment was removed, but it went something like "At the end of the day, saying you're gay just means you're fucking dudes. Nobody wants to know who you're fucking" Cuz apparently, being gay is only about sex
[removed]You should realize how you're taking this way out of context.
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
YesThank you for the confirmation.
I look forward to the day when no one has to come out all. You can just be. Nothing more accepting than people showing they don't really give a shit. I'd rather have people treat it like it's nothing rather than make it like I've been crowned the new world ruler
I look forward to the day when no one has to come out all. You can just be. Honestly, I don't know if this will ever happen. I feel like one day differing sexual orientations won't be stigmatized, but the relative rarity will always come across as novel. People with blue eyes, redheads, double-jointed people, etc..... they can "just be" too, but there's still a reaction because it's uncommon. Coming across one of 4% of the population is never going to be as unremarkable as coming across somebody with a nose and a mouth.
I look forward to the day when no one has to come out all. You can just be. An era when people come out and you go cool, why are you telling  me.
Maybe a weird opinion but as someone who grew up with a lesbian aunt i always thought that it's just as weird to put it on a pedestal by celebrating it...i mean when a kid/teen "comes out" by having any kind of romantic interest the usual reaction is just along the lines of "meh..." "ok then..." "that's nice" or a bunch of ribbing about teenage drama. 		Treating the actual comming outs in a way more positively/suportively we're again making the distinction that a coming out is different to starting to show an interest in romance at all which in an ideal world it is not. Think of it this way: Some kids come out of the closet and immediately became homeless.		I don't meant that hyperbolically, I mean that literally. "I'm gay" are two words between safety and the streets. Two word are between security and physical violence. Just two words. "I'm gay" and you are beaten. "I'm gay" and you have no more family. "I'm gay" and you are shunned.		So when the act is celebrated, it's a way to tell people that "we accept you no matter what" and takes the fear of being ones self away from people still in the closet.		Thankfully, I did not have to grow up with this fear, but many people I know did. One friend was kicked out of his house, his school, and his *town*. Again, no hyperbole. At 16, he was on his own, because he thought his parents would love him no matter what. "I'm gay" proved that this was false. 
Maybe a weird opinion but as someone who grew up with a lesbian aunt i always thought that it's just as weird to put it on a pedestal by celebrating it...i mean when a kid/teen "comes out" by having any kind of romantic interest the usual reaction is just along the lines of "meh..." "ok then..." "that's nice" or a bunch of ribbing about teenage drama. 		Treating the actual comming outs in a way more positively/suportively we're again making the distinction that a coming out is different to starting to show an interest in romance at all which in an ideal world it is not. As a gay dude I can can tell you that it's one of the hardest things I've done, but I also understand where you're coming from. When you're growing up and start to realize who, and what, you are it becomes scary. That scary time is different for a lot of people. You never know how people will react, sure you can kind of gauge it based on stuff they say when they think you're straight, but you still aren't sure at a younger age. I remember being 18-19 and slowly coming out to my friends and family. It was terrifying each time. Luckily I had an amazing family and group of friends, but that isn't always the case. Tons of people express who they are and are banished from their homes, beaten, cast out of friend groups, or even turn to suicide. One thing about being gay is that you're constantly having to come out (unless you're suuuuper gay, like beyond normal gayness and pushing into a stereotype). Every time you start a new job, meet a newly hired coworker, or interact with new people you will see more than once, you have to keep constantly coming out. If you live in a big city then you're usually good, but in more rural areas maybe not. It does get easier as you get older though. 
Maybe a weird opinion but as someone who grew up with a lesbian aunt i always thought that it's just as weird to put it on a pedestal by celebrating it...i mean when a kid/teen "comes out" by having any kind of romantic interest the usual reaction is just along the lines of "meh..." "ok then..." "that's nice" or a bunch of ribbing about teenage drama. 		Treating the actual comming outs in a way more positively/suportively we're again making the distinction that a coming out is different to starting to show an interest in romance at all which in an ideal world it is not. I feel like the celebration is a way to show that those people accept you when other people might not. You aren't praising them for being courageous but telling them that its okay to be the way you are and no one can tell you otherwise.
Maybe a weird opinion but as someone who grew up with a lesbian aunt i always thought that it's just as weird to put it on a pedestal by celebrating it...i mean when a kid/teen "comes out" by having any kind of romantic interest the usual reaction is just along the lines of "meh..." "ok then..." "that's nice" or a bunch of ribbing about teenage drama. 		Treating the actual comming outs in a way more positively/suportively we're again making the distinction that a coming out is different to starting to show an interest in romance at all which in an ideal world it is not. I was forced out of the closet before I was ready, my parents snooped in my room and found some porn. For a while afterwards, my mother would burst into tears every time she saw me, and my parents and I barely talked for months. 		I wish someone had "celebrated" me coming out. I really could have used a show of support and encouragement from others. Instead I got months of crying myself to sleep every night.		In an ideal world it wouldn't be a big deal. But this *isn't* and ideal world, and it *is* a big deal. Until it isn't, showing support for it is important.		Edit (since the post is now locked): Yes, my parents are totally accepting now! I just moved in with my boyfriend, and we spent Christmas with my family, and everything was great!
Maybe a weird opinion but as someone who grew up with a lesbian aunt i always thought that it's just as weird to put it on a pedestal by celebrating it...i mean when a kid/teen "comes out" by having any kind of romantic interest the usual reaction is just along the lines of "meh..." "ok then..." "that's nice" or a bunch of ribbing about teenage drama. 		Treating the actual comming outs in a way more positively/suportively we're again making the distinction that a coming out is different to starting to show an interest in romance at all which in an ideal world it is not. In a perfect world, yes.. thing is, we don't live in a perfect world. Gay kids have to endure the "do you have an oppositesexfriend yet?" before they figured out what's what. Gay kids get sent to conversion camps because their parents think it's an illness. Gay kids get bullied until they kill themselves every day. Gay kids have to hide and put away their sexuality and as a result have hard times forming good relationships later in life. Gay kids have to defy what's *expected* of them even in pro-lgbt situations. Yes, in a perfect world 'coming out' wouldn't be a thing at all, but until we've reached that point please, please let's celebrate the brave kids. The kids that are not afraid to stand up and show their true selves. Show them with all we've got that we support them, that they're worthy and that they should never feel like they don't belong. Because despite what a lot of us would like the situation to be, kids still need courage to say those two words, I'm gay, even when it's just to themselves in the mirror. And by showing your love and support for the kids that are so brave to come out, you'll reach the ones that have yet to take that step extra super hard. 
Maybe a weird opinion but as someone who grew up with a lesbian aunt i always thought that it's just as weird to put it on a pedestal by celebrating it...i mean when a kid/teen "comes out" by having any kind of romantic interest the usual reaction is just along the lines of "meh..." "ok then..." "that's nice" or a bunch of ribbing about teenage drama. 		Treating the actual comming outs in a way more positively/suportively we're again making the distinction that a coming out is different to starting to show an interest in romance at all which in an ideal world it is not. I hope one day it's just as someone who prefers a motorcycle.
That fact that it's so accepted actually makes it a little harder for me. For my parents, I was able to build it up by saying "Hey, I have to tell you something." For my friends, any sort of preamble to it may seem like a bit overdramatic. Our generation is a lot more accepting. I remember when one of my close friends told me they were gay. I had known for years.  It was like I know, and I love you like my brother. Then we went back to playing video games. The people who love you will love regardless of who you love. 		Props for having the strength to be open with your friends and family.
I don't think it should be celebrated, that's still dimmening. Just be gay. Sexuality aside, I think anyone figuring out who they are and being able to proclaim it should be celebrated.  
Hey that's pretty good.Hey that's pretty gay
I wish he was known for more than I'm Gay and Crippling Depression. He has a lot of great videos. Especially his fan unboxings. And the time he destroyed Keemstar and Leafy...ik i'm not a bandwagoner i've been subbed to him since he had around 200,000
I wish he was known for more than I'm Gay and Crippling Depression. He has a lot of great videos. Especially his fan unboxings. And the time he destroyed Keemstar and Leafy...A lot of people know him for the leafy content cop but there is no real quote from it
Anybody can be gay!Even swans.
The fourth panel is my favourite panel!That's OK because we can all have opinions and share them. 
The fourth panel is my favourite panel!Same 
[removed][removed]
Nothing more accepting than people showing they don't really give a shit. I'd rather have people treat it like it's nothing rather than make it like I've been crowned the new world rulerSome gay people come from toxic environments where if they had these feelings and expressed them would be disowned/ostracized maybe even physically harmed. Many LGBT+ people had to keep this feelings deep inside them and always lived in fear of people finding out. So coming out can be hard for them and is really emotional. Plus it helps other people going through similar things know they aren't alone and it can get better. 
Nothing more accepting than people showing they don't really give a shit. I'd rather have people treat it like it's nothing rather than make it like I've been crowned the new world rulerI act the same way. Everyone js themselves, they shouldn't be ashamed of who they like.
Honestly, I don't know if this will ever happen. I feel like one day differing sexual orientations won't be stigmatized, but the relative rarity will always come across as novel. People with blue eyes, redheads, double-jointed people, etc..... they can "just be" too, but there's still a reaction because it's uncommon. Coming across one of 4% of the population is never going to be as unremarkable as coming across somebody with a nose and a mouth.Holy shit. You've met someone with a nose and mouth?
An era when people come out and you go cool, why are you telling  me."I like men"		"And I like the colour green. What's your point?"
Think of it this way: Some kids come out of the closet and immediately became homeless.		I don't meant that hyperbolically, I mean that literally. "I'm gay" are two words between safety and the streets. Two word are between security and physical violence. Just two words. "I'm gay" and you are beaten. "I'm gay" and you have no more family. "I'm gay" and you are shunned.		So when the act is celebrated, it's a way to tell people that "we accept you no matter what" and takes the fear of being ones self away from people still in the closet.		Thankfully, I did not have to grow up with this fear, but many people I know did. One friend was kicked out of his house, his school, and his *town*. Again, no hyperbole. At 16, he was on his own, because he thought his parents would love him no matter what. "I'm gay" proved that this was false. It sickens me that there are still people who exist who act like this.
I feel like the celebration is a way to show that those people accept you when other people might not. You aren't praising them for being courageous but telling them that its okay to be the way you are and no one can tell you otherwise.And I hope we get to a point where celebration isn't needed because people don't give a fuck who I am anymore than a straight person.		However, celebration is nice while we still have some adversity.
I was forced out of the closet before I was ready, my parents snooped in my room and found some porn. For a while afterwards, my mother would burst into tears every time she saw me, and my parents and I barely talked for months. 		I wish someone had "celebrated" me coming out. I really could have used a show of support and encouragement from others. Instead I got months of crying myself to sleep every night.		In an ideal world it wouldn't be a big deal. But this *isn't* and ideal world, and it *is* a big deal. Until it isn't, showing support for it is important.		Edit (since the post is now locked): Yes, my parents are totally accepting now! I just moved in with my boyfriend, and we spent Christmas with my family, and everything was great!I'll have a drink to celebrate you coming out of that means anything! Congrats on coming out, even if the circumstances aren't what you wanted. I hope you get lots of dick/pussy (delete as appropriate)!
I was forced out of the closet before I was ready, my parents snooped in my room and found some porn. For a while afterwards, my mother would burst into tears every time she saw me, and my parents and I barely talked for months. 		I wish someone had "celebrated" me coming out. I really could have used a show of support and encouragement from others. Instead I got months of crying myself to sleep every night.		In an ideal world it wouldn't be a big deal. But this *isn't* and ideal world, and it *is* a big deal. Until it isn't, showing support for it is important.		Edit (since the post is now locked): Yes, my parents are totally accepting now! I just moved in with my boyfriend, and we spent Christmas with my family, and everything was great!That sounds awful. Have your parents become more accepting?		It really upsets me to see a lot of people on this supposedly wholesome subreddit forcing their world view on others who have different life experiences. Like just because some people can come out as gay without serious repercussions, doesn't mean that its even remotely that easy for others. My brother didn't come out until he was out of high school, even though we all basically knew (via porn, incidentally) and my family was generally accepting of it. But he was bullied a lot in school and on social media so its understandable.
I hope one day it's just as someone who prefers a motorcycle.bike-curious?
Hey that's pretty gayWhat are you fucking gay?
A lot of people know him for the leafy content cop but there is no real quote from itchin chinnery chin chinnery
Even swans.http://i.imgur.com/ZGEKEfn.jpg
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
It sickens me that there are still people who exist who act like this.And until those people don't exist, we're going to keep up with our gay pride parades. Being gay should be as irrelevant as what kind of ice cream you like the most (chocolate mint is obviously the best but the other flavors are also the best!) or what color your eyes are.
You're really underestimating gay people. Not one of my gay friends has ever felt like they have to 'endure' anything. People assume you're straight because 95% of people are - it's not personal. Then you just tell them you're gay and that's that. This hysteria over gays is only making the problem worse. You can point to ANY group of people who are in the minority and claim they have such hard lives. But you know what? They don't. Because it's just one aspect of who they are and if someone is going to judge you as a whole based on just one attribute, you shouldn't listen to them anyway.  Yeah, that only really works if all that happens when you come out is that people might say some mean words to you. That's super if that's how it is for you, or for me, but it doesn't mean that applies everywhere for everyone. 		Sometimes it's really shitty and people have genuinely crappy consequences to coming out. It's lovely and great that your friends haven't had to endure anything - and I'm super glad that things are improving that much - but your/their experience doesn't reflect everyone's.
What are you fucking gay?No curses, Grimbo
[removed]This is not reddit. This is r/wholesomememes
[removed]This is r/wholesomememes, friend!		Everyone's non-hurtful opinions are welcome here :)
No curses, GrimboMay Grimbo rest in peace.
[removed]This is a fallacious argument.   When there's constant pressure on one side of a scale (ie, negativity and hate), you don't balance it out by ignoring the scale.  
[removed][removed]
[removed]So if according to the Bible, if homosexuality is a sin, "just like everything else", then why are we picking and choosing what we consider to be good and wholesome? We sin all the time but the second homosexuality is mentioned it's like everyone gets their panties in a bunch. 		I thought the upside of religion is that it kept people.. well.. positive. You seem to look at it with a negative attitude so what's the point of being religious?
[removed]And we don't support what you're saying so that's why you are downvoted
[removed]You can be wholesome towards homosexuality and still think being gay is a sin.  You just, you know, don't try to convince gay people that they're sinners the second you hear it mentioned in a public forum.		Christian, atheist, pro-gay, anti-gay; regardless, it's not a very wholesome thing to say.  A wholesome Christian will treat a gay person with kindness and hope everything works out for them without trying to shove their beliefs onto them.
