Bob Ross <3Bob Ross and wholesome come hand in hand.
Bob Ross <3Goodness me you all did so well!
Bob Ross <3[deleted]
Bob Ross <3My friends and I tried this once. 		But I'm really bad at painting and also had to use my laptop, while they had tablets.		[The result for me was not great.](http://i.imgur.com/5b9YtZP.jpg)
Bob Ross <3We did this for my brother. So much fun and incredible how good every painting looked!		I'm exceptionally untalented when it comes to drawing and painting and it was a real eye opener to me. 
Bob Ross <3The level of skill for a random party is astounding... 
Bob Ross <3Is there a place you can go to have Bob Ross painting parties, or did you just get together with your friends and some art supplies and make your own party?
Bob Ross <3ok, youre all either artists or bob ross is the worlds greatest teacher
Bob Ross <3The world needs more Bob Ross painting parties.
Bob Ross <3I remember when twitch started the Bob Ross marathon I had a fever and was going through a couple of pretty bad days, but watching the streams and hearing his sweet words really helped me through.
Bob Ross <3My little sister and I threw a paint party for my mom's "Sweet 16" this year (okay, her actual age was a little different than that, but it did have a 1 and a 6). Between my mom and my sisters we live in 4 states and two time zones, so it was really great to be able to get everyone together. Plus, my mom is fantastic at oil painting. 
Bob Ross <3So I met this girl who's favorite artists was Bob Ross, and I took her out on a date. She was telling me about how she really wants to meet him... and I just sat there silent .. I had to be the guy to break the news to her, and I felt really bad because she almost started crying. 
Bob Ross <3/r/happytrees
Bob Ross <3HEY! Thats my birthday party! Never thought I'd see my own tweet on Reddit homepage	
Bob Ross <3HEY! THIS IS ME AND MY FRIENDS! Hahaha here I am with my painting! https://imgur.com/a/tgMi6
Bob Ross <3That sounds like so much fun! 
Bob Ross <3My girlfriend and i did the same thing about 2 weeks ago! Hers is the first and mine is the second in the album.  It was lots of fun, really easy, and we will be doing it again! 	http://m.imgur.com/a/PywVi
Bob Ross <3I need a group of friends like this.
Bob Ross and wholesome come hand in hand.It's just a given, that man is a saint 
Bob Ross and wholesome come hand in hand.Whenever Bob Ross starts talking I almost get choked up. Somehow you can really feel that he cares deeply about you even though he doesn't know you at all. 
Bob Ross and wholesome come hand in hand.Absolutely. His soft spoken kind words are like balm to the soul. Just listening to his painting videos feels therapeutic. 
Goodness me you all did so well!Should let it be known that this ain't me and my friends, just a wholesome meme I spotted, but they did do an amazing job! 
Goodness me you all did so well!Heckin proud painters all!
Goodness me you all did so well!If they aren't actual artists I'd be surprised because I think I wouldn't draw anything beyond a stick figure if I was invited to such a party.		Maybe my friends also throw parties like this but they are not inviting me, because they know...
My friends and I tried this once. 		But I'm really bad at painting and also had to use my laptop, while they had tablets.		[The result for me was not great.](http://i.imgur.com/5b9YtZP.jpg)You did your best and I hope you had a lot of fun with your friends!
My friends and I tried this once. 		But I'm really bad at painting and also had to use my laptop, while they had tablets.		[The result for me was not great.](http://i.imgur.com/5b9YtZP.jpg)Just happy little accidents!
My friends and I tried this once. 		But I'm really bad at painting and also had to use my laptop, while they had tablets.		[The result for me was not great.](http://i.imgur.com/5b9YtZP.jpg)Well it's my new wallpaper. 
We did this for my brother. So much fun and incredible how good every painting looked!		I'm exceptionally untalented when it comes to drawing and painting and it was a real eye opener to me. I've never really tried my hand at it but I can imagine following bobs steps would be a massive hand!:)
We did this for my brother. So much fun and incredible how good every painting looked!		I'm exceptionally untalented when it comes to drawing and painting and it was a real eye opener to me. I think this would be so much fun! How did you organize this? Did everyone bring their own supplies, or did you buy everything? I know next to nothing about art supplies so I am curious how much it would cost, what kind of paint and brushes to get, how many I would need to buy, etc. 
The level of skill for a random party is astounding... Everybody can paint with Bob's help, even you! ^^
The level of skill for a random party is astounding... I suspect a lot of it has to do with actually getting all of the supplies for the video. Most people don't bother to get all of the brushes or the actual paint colors that he suggests. 		It reminds me of the cooking class I took. I am actually pretty decent at cooking but we were able to make some pretty good stuff that I can't pull off in my own kitchen. For example, we once made fresh pasta with a pasta machine. I unfortunately don't have the stuff to do that at home.		If you are actually sitting down with all the right equipment I am sure that almost anybody could make that work.
Is there a place you can go to have Bob Ross painting parties, or did you just get together with your friends and some art supplies and make your own party?There's a place called Painting with a twist that pops up all over... one person teaches you a fairly simple painting and it's BYOB. 
Is there a place you can go to have Bob Ross painting parties, or did you just get together with your friends and some art supplies and make your own party?Ah no this isn't me and my friends, just a wholesome meme I spotted :)
ok, youre all either artists or bob ross is the worlds greatest teacherWhy not both? Anyone can be an artist!
Any recommendation as to an episode and list of brushes/paints needed? It looks like you guys nailed it.I recently started painting with Bob, so I can give you some ideas since OP said he just found this picture and isn't in it...		supplies you absolutely need: 	at least one 2 inch brush	at least one fan brush	painting knife	paint thinner (for cleaning)	various oil paints, but also make sure you either purchase liquid white, or google how to make it. 		my suggestions are thus:		First, find an episode you want to do, and get specifically the paints for that episode (he lists them in the beginning of every episode). There is an hour long, beginner special that he does that's pretty good... but just find a painting you like! And as far as the paints, if you buy a huge pack and don't like it, you'll be upset... And we don't want that.		Second, do it somewhere that it's ok if things get a little dirty. Since they're oil based, the paints are VERY difficult to get out. Same goes for clothing... wear some old stuff you don't really care about.		Third... have fun!		
It's just a given, that man is a saint There should be a special title given to people like Bob ross, Mr. Rogers, Martin Luther King Jr, and Mahatama Gandhi.		People who spread a good message in the most peaceful, wholesome way they can. 
Whenever Bob Ross starts talking I almost get choked up. Somehow you can really feel that he cares deeply about you even though he doesn't know you at all. He was a really caring guy.  There's that story about a colorblind man who wrote to him about how he couldn't paint.  That bothered Bob, so he did a painting in a single shade of colors so this one guy could paint along too.		He really loved animals too. Cared for squirrels and all sorts of little critters.  Hell, his descriptions of Alaska made me want to visit.
Whenever Bob Ross starts talking I almost get choked up. Somehow you can really feel that he cares deeply about you even though he doesn't know you at all. When he says "god bless, my friend" and does his wave, I have to wave back and give him my best smile.
Absolutely. His soft spoken kind words are like balm to the soul. Just listening to his painting videos feels therapeutic. > Just listening to his painting videos feels therapeutic.		That's why every finals week I watch an episode or two of Bob Ross with my friends.
[removed]You must be new here, friend  Try to keep your words wholesome 
Should let it be known that this ain't me and my friends, just a wholesome meme I spotted, but they did do an amazing job! I'm sure you could do just as well, OP.
Should let it be known that this ain't me and my friends, just a wholesome meme I spotted, but they did do an amazing job! > Should let it be known that this ain't me and my friends, just a wholesome meme I spotted, but they did do an amazing job!		This meme was so wholesome that I had to put away my pitchfork.
Should let it be known that this ain't me and my friends, just a wholesome meme I spotted, but they did do an amazing job! I dunno why this made me so sad.
If they aren't actual artists I'd be surprised because I think I wouldn't draw anything beyond a stick figure if I was invited to such a party.		Maybe my friends also throw parties like this but they are not inviting me, because they know...I'm sure you could, the video they watched probably was very instructional and had all the right tools.
If they aren't actual artists I'd be surprised because I think I wouldn't draw anything beyond a stick figure if I was invited to such a party.		Maybe my friends also throw parties like this but they are not inviting me, because they know...3 of the people are artists and they were helping the others paint. 	I was there but was not painting. I was in the sauna pictured behind the group shot. original post is on twitter user @brovegna
You can find us right here, friend.[deleted]
You did your best and I hope you had a lot of fun with your friends!I did, thank you! We still laugh about it. 		And it started me on doing very simple/minimalist drawings, limited by using a laptop trackpad - I just use it for pent up creative relief. 
I think this would be so much fun! How did you organize this? Did everyone bring their own supplies, or did you buy everything? I know next to nothing about art supplies so I am curious how much it would cost, what kind of paint and brushes to get, how many I would need to buy, etc. If you pick an episode without specialized tools, you could get a set of high quality and reliable tools + paint for less than $200.  		If you're on a budget, you could buy knockoff-brands for $50 or so.   		Always have backup paint available or distribute the paint yourself. Never trust others with the containers/tubes.
There's a place called Painting with a twist that pops up all over... one person teaches you a fairly simple painting and it's BYOB. Bring your own (Bob Ross Episode)
There's a place called Painting with a twist that pops up all over... one person teaches you a fairly simple painting and it's BYOB. There are lots of variations from various companies. Check Groupon for "Painting Parties". They're frequently held at restaurants or small banquet halls. Fairly inexpensive, good for date night, and all around a good time. Even if your art skills struggle with basic stick figures, they usually make things fairly approachable to come home with something fun and recognizable. 
Being around drunk people sober is quite entertaining too.I honestly have to disagree... I hate being sober around drunk people. 
There should be a special title given to people like Bob ross, Mr. Rogers, Martin Luther King Jr, and Mahatama Gandhi.		People who spread a good message in the most peaceful, wholesome way they can. Gandhi nuked my Civ. #notwholesome
There should be a special title given to people like Bob ross, Mr. Rogers, Martin Luther King Jr, and Mahatama Gandhi.		People who spread a good message in the most peaceful, wholesome way they can. Gandhi didn't like black people
There should be a special title given to people like Bob ross, Mr. Rogers, Martin Luther King Jr, and Mahatama Gandhi.		People who spread a good message in the most peaceful, wholesome way they can. King and Gandhi had some skeletons in their closets.		As much as them mostly being good for us all, I couldn't put them in the same tier as Ross and Rogers.
There should be a special title given to people like Bob ross, Mr. Rogers, Martin Luther King Jr, and Mahatama Gandhi.		People who spread a good message in the most peaceful, wholesome way they can. I agree. I think America deserves some version of knighthood.
He was a really caring guy.  There's that story about a colorblind man who wrote to him about how he couldn't paint.  That bothered Bob, so he did a painting in a single shade of colors so this one guy could paint along too.		He really loved animals too. Cared for squirrels and all sorts of little critters.  Hell, his descriptions of Alaska made me want to visit.I love the episodes where he has animal interludes to the squirrels he's taking care of.
He was a really caring guy.  There's that story about a colorblind man who wrote to him about how he couldn't paint.  That bothered Bob, so he did a painting in a single shade of colors so this one guy could paint along too.		He really loved animals too. Cared for squirrels and all sorts of little critters.  Hell, his descriptions of Alaska made me want to visit.Oh man. Brought a tear to me eye. 
He was a really caring guy.  There's that story about a colorblind man who wrote to him about how he couldn't paint.  That bothered Bob, so he did a painting in a single shade of colors so this one guy could paint along too.		He really loved animals too. Cared for squirrels and all sorts of little critters.  Hell, his descriptions of Alaska made me want to visit.[Link for those interested.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OnVykVFbS8) Audio quality is not quite there, but it works.
I'm sure you could do just as well, OP.Oh I do love this sub!
> Should let it be known that this ain't me and my friends, just a wholesome meme I spotted, but they did do an amazing job!		This meme was so wholesome that I had to put away my pitchfork.Don't worry, I'd have joined you in the pitchfork and torch wielding!
I'm sure you could, the video they watched probably was very instructional and had all the right tools.A popular streamer tried to follow an episode recently and [this was the result](https://i.imgur.com/xpKEOUe.jpg). I'd probably do worse.
I like pants off parties, am I in the right place		edit: okay, huge downvotes within a few minutes, I'm definitely in the wrong place.	Don't worry, I'm sure there's a place for you that's just as awesome as this place! :)
I like pants off parties, am I in the right place		edit: okay, huge downvotes within a few minutes, I'm definitely in the wrong place.	I'm sorry friendo!	Please visit /r/gonewild to redeem your karma count!
My god. The possibilities. /r/wholesomestarterpacks is a good start :)
Someone should make a Tinder for wholesome, but instead of dating it's for making friends, and you can only swipe right, because everyone has something amazing to share!With no pictures allowed. Just personalities conveyed through text
I did, thank you! We still laugh about it. 		And it started me on doing very simple/minimalist drawings, limited by using a laptop trackpad - I just use it for pent up creative relief. Your talents will be sorely needed by /r/coaxedintoasnafu! The community welcomes you!
Gandhi nuked my Civ. #notwholesomeThen he denounces you as a warmonger when you fight back.
Gandhi nuked my Civ. #notwholesomeI always want Ghandi to be nice. After 200 turns into my current game we became allies. I feel at peace now. I can uninstall happily.
Gandhi didn't like black peopleEdit: I was wrong read /u/Danishanish explanation below. 		Didn't he also refuse treatment for his wife cuz it was against his beliefs? Didn't he also get really sick and received treatment after she died?
Gandhi didn't like black peopleWell he didn't spread that message as much as his thoughts of peace.  Everyone has their flaw,  and we must find it in ourselves to accept it. 
I agree. I think America deserves some version of knighthood.It's called the [Presidential Medal of Freedom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom). Mr. Rogers and MLK have both received it. 
[Link for those interested.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OnVykVFbS8) Audio quality is not quite there, but it works.[Not sure why you didn't just go to Ross's YouTube channel for the link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-ousb8-SD0)
Oh I do love this sub!Not as much as I love you.
I call bringing the yellow ochre friendI'll start slapping my brushes silly!
Then he denounces you as a warmonger when you fight back.to be fair, every civ does that, and it made me stop playing civ 6. Declare war on any civ once and 2000 years of peace later you're still a warmonger who's worse than hitler
Edit: I was wrong read /u/Danishanish explanation below. 		Didn't he also refuse treatment for his wife cuz it was against his beliefs? Didn't he also get really sick and received treatment after she died?No, that's a really simplified reductive version of what happened, I'll dig it up if you care
Well he didn't spread that message as much as his thoughts of peace.  Everyone has their flaw,  and we must find it in ourselves to accept it. Mr. Rogers doesn't have flaw. At least ones I know about
Well he didn't spread that message as much as his thoughts of peace.  Everyone has their flaw,  and we must find it in ourselves to accept it. Exactly! MLK had some well-known fidelity issues with women on the side, and while that, by itself, will usually cause me to lose respect for someone, the good things he did not only for his community, but the country as a whole far outweigh his marital transgressions in my mind.
Well he didn't spread that message as much as his thoughts of peace.  Everyone has their flaw,  and we must find it in ourselves to accept it. dw i accept not liking black people		^^^^sorry ^^^^i ^^^^didnt ^^^^mean ^^^^that ^^^^it ^^^^was ^^^^just ^^^^the ^^^^perfect ^^^^set ^^^^up
It's called the [Presidential Medal of Freedom](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Presidential_Medal_of_Freedom). Mr. Rogers and MLK have both received it. Yeah but they don't get a title with it, like "sir" for a knight 
[Not sure why you didn't just go to Ross's YouTube channel for the link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-ousb8-SD0)Because his videos are not available in my country.
Not as much as I love you.I love you all <3
I'll start slapping my brushes silly!And I'll haul in the Van Dyke brown!
I'll start slapping my brushes silly!Bob: 1 Devil: 0
Thank you, judging by your name it's your favourite place, I like things up the bum bum also.		edit: okay, more downvotes, I really am getting this wrong.[deleted]
Oh no I'm bad at that.Shhh you're doing great :)
No, that's a really simplified reductive version of what happened, I'll dig it up if you careIf it's not to much hassle I'd love to know the actual details. I've always heard it as that so I don't want to peddle false info. 
Mr. Rogers doesn't have flaw. At least ones I know aboutHe's not around anymore to spread neighbourly love to a world that needs it more than ever, that's a pretty big flaw :'(
Yeah but they don't get a title with it, like "sir" for a knight even if they did i don't think Mr. Rogers would have used it. 
Because his videos are not available in my country.That should be a humanitarian crisis. 		Possibly against the Geneva Convention as well, not sure...
I love you all <3i like cheese cake	
And I'll haul in the Van Dyke brown!I got the Titanium White!
Bob: 1 Devil: 0More like Bob: 99999 Devil: 0	He's beat the devil out of more brushes than anyone could ever count.
If it's not to much hassle I'd love to know the actual details. I've always heard it as that so I don't want to peddle false info. Ok so I originally wrote this in a more argumentative tone because the other guy was being a dick, I'm on mobile so I can't edit all of that out, but here it is anyways. 		Kasturba Gandhi had been imprisoned, was 75 years old and bedridden after 2 heart attacks. The authorities approved her request for a traditional Ayurvedic doctor only after a delay (Gandhi felt this delay unconscionable). (Ayurveda is recognized, taught and used commonly even today in India and would have been the medicine system most familiar to the Gandhis. Ayu=life and Veda =science/knowledge).		Her recovery was slow, but enough for her to get to the verandah (balcony/porch) when she suffered a relapse with bronchial pneumonia and complications such as kidney failure. It was serious enough for the British to release Gandhi from his prison to her bedside. She had grown resigned/fatalistic and assured others that she would not make it, asking them to 'let her go'. Gandhi too became reconciled to her death and gave her up to God.	At this juncture, their son Devdas reached there and asked to administer penicillin. Penicillin was then a newish miracle drug, rare in wartime India, but Devdas had been able to arrange for a supply to be flown in from Calcutta to Poona. By then the doctors there too had given her up for dead (in fact she had already been given the sacrament of water from the holy ganga). After learning his suffering wife would have to be woken every four hours for an injection, Gandhi objected, feeling nothing could save her and that it would just prolong her agony. His last word on it was "still if you insist, I will not stand in your way". Devdas gave way. Kasturba died mere hours later that night in the lap of her husband of 61 years.		I believe grace sometimes lies in accepting the suffering/death of loved ones and not in fighting to their last breath.	Gandhi accepting quinine some time later is a completely different situation. The extract from the bark of the cinchona tree had been long known to treat malaria and had been used in tonic water by British troops in India as early as the 1820s to ward off malaria.	TLDR; Gandhi objected to, but did not veto, a proposal to administer penicillin (a newish and rare miracle drug) to his terminally ill 75 year old wife (dying after 2 heart attacks, bronchial pneumonia, kidney failure and complications) mere hours before she died because he felt that it would not make any difference except increase her suffering. They were both reconciled to her death.			
The fidelity issues were FBI propagandaThat's pretty disingenuous to say, because it implies the allegations of King's infidelities were made up by the FBI. They weren't; he did cheat on his wife, and while the FBI definitely used this information to discredit him, that doesn't mean he never stepped outside his marriage.		>[FBI directorJ. Edgar Hooverordered the bugging on his own authority; looking for ties to Communists, he stumbled upon King's extramarital activities, and one of his deputies, in an effort to discredit King, then sent the tapes to King's office.]( http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/selma-sex-tape-controversy-mlk-774974)	>	>[Garrow] quotes one King staffer who said, "Had the man lived, the marriage wouldn't have survived  and everybody feels that way," and another staffer who said, "Coretta King was most certainly a widow long before Dr. King died." King avoided his understandably angry wife and bedded many women instead. "Only one [of King's girlfriends] was significant, and she's still alive," says Garrow. 		As I said above, his extramarital affairs in no way outweigh all the amazing things he accomplished during the civil rights movement, but let's not rewrite history here.
even if they did i don't think Mr. Rogers would have used it. I'd like to call him Sir Mr. Rogers
i like cheese cake	I don't like it but I'm happy to know you enjoy a popular dessert!  		Also apple pie ftw! 
i like cheese cake	What's your favorite? I want some inspiration for the next time I make one :)
I got the Titanium White!wow this guy is the real MVP... that get used so much! 		btw, I'll bring in the Alizarin Crimson!
I got the Titanium White!I'll lend my Prussian Blue. 
I got the Titanium White!*hwhite
Ok so I originally wrote this in a more argumentative tone because the other guy was being a dick, I'm on mobile so I can't edit all of that out, but here it is anyways. 		Kasturba Gandhi had been imprisoned, was 75 years old and bedridden after 2 heart attacks. The authorities approved her request for a traditional Ayurvedic doctor only after a delay (Gandhi felt this delay unconscionable). (Ayurveda is recognized, taught and used commonly even today in India and would have been the medicine system most familiar to the Gandhis. Ayu=life and Veda =science/knowledge).		Her recovery was slow, but enough for her to get to the verandah (balcony/porch) when she suffered a relapse with bronchial pneumonia and complications such as kidney failure. It was serious enough for the British to release Gandhi from his prison to her bedside. She had grown resigned/fatalistic and assured others that she would not make it, asking them to 'let her go'. Gandhi too became reconciled to her death and gave her up to God.	At this juncture, their son Devdas reached there and asked to administer penicillin. Penicillin was then a newish miracle drug, rare in wartime India, but Devdas had been able to arrange for a supply to be flown in from Calcutta to Poona. By then the doctors there too had given her up for dead (in fact she had already been given the sacrament of water from the holy ganga). After learning his suffering wife would have to be woken every four hours for an injection, Gandhi objected, feeling nothing could save her and that it would just prolong her agony. His last word on it was "still if you insist, I will not stand in your way". Devdas gave way. Kasturba died mere hours later that night in the lap of her husband of 61 years.		I believe grace sometimes lies in accepting the suffering/death of loved ones and not in fighting to their last breath.	Gandhi accepting quinine some time later is a completely different situation. The extract from the bark of the cinchona tree had been long known to treat malaria and had been used in tonic water by British troops in India as early as the 1820s to ward off malaria.	TLDR; Gandhi objected to, but did not veto, a proposal to administer penicillin (a newish and rare miracle drug) to his terminally ill 75 year old wife (dying after 2 heart attacks, bronchial pneumonia, kidney failure and complications) mere hours before she died because he felt that it would not make any difference except increase her suffering. They were both reconciled to her death.			I didn't know that. Thank you for explaining it. That makes much more sense with his character than what I originally thought. I was always told he rejected the medicine straight up. Never that it was more of a last resort option that he was opposed to. 			I absolutely agree with your statement on death. Our family went through that same thing as my grandfather was dying of chemo. It was only delaying the inevitable and he hated what it was doing so he opted to stop. Of course his wife and kids all objected and tried to sway him. But he knew that he had to accept it was coming and go out on what his terms could be at the time. 
I don't like it but I'm happy to know you enjoy a popular dessert!  		Also apple pie ftw! I like Apple Pie *and* cheesecake, and I'm sure there are many people do as well. 
What's your favorite? I want some inspiration for the next time I make one :)Chocolate raspberry!!		(Sorry I'm not that person but it's sooo good..)
I like Apple Pie *and* cheesecake, and I'm sure there are many people do as well. Apple Cheese Pie? Just throwing stuff out here.
Chocolate raspberry!!		(Sorry I'm not that person but it's sooo good..)Raspberry is an unusual one... sounds like an interesting challenge! I'll keep my eye out for procuring the flavor (or whatever this inspired me to do, haha). Thank you!
