Wholesome dog owner!The pictures are the before and after of when his owner called him his best boy
Wholesome dog owner![Who's a good dog?](http://i.imgur.com/oSiajTF.jpg)
Wholesome dog owner!I had to put my dog down yesterday. This reminds me of him. :(		Losing your pet is harder than losing some relatives. I'm just glad I got to have him for the 3 years I did 		Edit: this sub really lives up to its reputation. Thank you everyone for all the support. He was a good boy and he gave us a lot of happy memories. I'm glad we were the ones that were lucky enough to have him. 		Edit2: reading through you guys' comments has brought tears to my eyes several times. I don't know how to thank you all. It means so much. I'm glad people here are willing to hear about my best friend. It's been nice talking about him. He was a good doggo. 
Wholesome dog owner!Our kitties are so terrified of the vet, so we talk to them like this whenever we have to go. It's an effective technique and they seem to greatly appreciate it. If you have pets, you should try it out on them! :)
Wholesome dog owner!He's more nervous than his dog is. What a good owner. :)
Wholesome dog owner!Me when I see the memes in every good boy dog thread http://imgur.com/JzPbIn0 
Wholesome dog owner!My doggo gotta really scared when he was bit once was bleeding all over my lap :( but on the car ride he stuck his head out the window anyway and looked happy. He's a good doggo :D
Wholesome dog owner!Every night before I go to bed, I tell my dog she's a good girl and I love her. I don't know if she understands me, but I like to think she does and she falls asleep with a smile on her face. Never had a good place to share that story, this meme seemed like a good choice. 
Wholesome dog owner![removed]
Wholesome dog owner!Sooo many good boys out there.  Mines on the couch right now!
Wholesome dog owner!I'm sure this dog is a good boy!
Wholesome dog owner!I really hope they aren't putting him down :(
Wholesome dog owner!That doggo looks so happy to have such a great owner! 
Wholesome dog owner!you know what's not so wholesome?		creepy sneak photos of strangers posted to the internet without their permission
The pictures are the before and after of when his owner called him his best boyThis got even more wholesome!
The pictures are the before and after of when his owner called him his best boyI couldn't take it when I read the "best boy" part. It's the cutest thing I've ever heard lol
The pictures are the before and after of when his owner called him his best boyPlease do not let This dog distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table.
The pictures are the before and after of when his owner called him his best boyHe actually said both.	I'm friends with the original OP
[Who's a good dog?](http://i.imgur.com/oSiajTF.jpg)This never gets old :)
I had to put my dog down yesterday. This reminds me of him. :(		Losing your pet is harder than losing some relatives. I'm just glad I got to have him for the 3 years I did 		Edit: this sub really lives up to its reputation. Thank you everyone for all the support. He was a good boy and he gave us a lot of happy memories. I'm glad we were the ones that were lucky enough to have him. 		Edit2: reading through you guys' comments has brought tears to my eyes several times. I don't know how to thank you all. It means so much. I'm glad people here are willing to hear about my best friend. It's been nice talking about him. He was a good doggo. Hey friend, I'm so sorry for the lost of your beloved dog. My thoughts are with you during this difficult time. I' sending lots of hugs and love your way. 
I had to put my dog down yesterday. This reminds me of him. :(		Losing your pet is harder than losing some relatives. I'm just glad I got to have him for the 3 years I did 		Edit: this sub really lives up to its reputation. Thank you everyone for all the support. He was a good boy and he gave us a lot of happy memories. I'm glad we were the ones that were lucky enough to have him. 		Edit2: reading through you guys' comments has brought tears to my eyes several times. I don't know how to thank you all. It means so much. I'm glad people here are willing to hear about my best friend. It's been nice talking about him. He was a good doggo. Confirming that I would be a LOT more upset if my dog died than I would be if the majority of my relatives died. 
I had to put my dog down yesterday. This reminds me of him. :(		Losing your pet is harder than losing some relatives. I'm just glad I got to have him for the 3 years I did 		Edit: this sub really lives up to its reputation. Thank you everyone for all the support. He was a good boy and he gave us a lot of happy memories. I'm glad we were the ones that were lucky enough to have him. 		Edit2: reading through you guys' comments has brought tears to my eyes several times. I don't know how to thank you all. It means so much. I'm glad people here are willing to hear about my best friend. It's been nice talking about him. He was a good doggo. This poem always helps me get through the constant pain since I lost my best friend, my Great Dane...		Do Not Stand at my Grave and Weep		Do not stand at my grave and weep.	I am not there. I do not sleep.	I am a thousand winds that blow.	I am the diamond glints on snow.	I am the sunlight on ripened grain.	I am the gentle autumn rain.	When you awake in the morning's hush	I am the swift uplifting rush	Of quiet birds in circled flight.	I am the soft stars that shine at night.	Do not stand at my grave and cry;	I am not there. I did not die.		Hope this helps you find some solace...
I had to put my dog down yesterday. This reminds me of him. :(		Losing your pet is harder than losing some relatives. I'm just glad I got to have him for the 3 years I did 		Edit: this sub really lives up to its reputation. Thank you everyone for all the support. He was a good boy and he gave us a lot of happy memories. I'm glad we were the ones that were lucky enough to have him. 		Edit2: reading through you guys' comments has brought tears to my eyes several times. I don't know how to thank you all. It means so much. I'm glad people here are willing to hear about my best friend. It's been nice talking about him. He was a good doggo. Read [this](https://rainbowsbridge.com/Poem.htm) . It's helped me a good bit after losing my rabbit. 
I had to put my dog down yesterday. This reminds me of him. :(		Losing your pet is harder than losing some relatives. I'm just glad I got to have him for the 3 years I did 		Edit: this sub really lives up to its reputation. Thank you everyone for all the support. He was a good boy and he gave us a lot of happy memories. I'm glad we were the ones that were lucky enough to have him. 		Edit2: reading through you guys' comments has brought tears to my eyes several times. I don't know how to thank you all. It means so much. I'm glad people here are willing to hear about my best friend. It's been nice talking about him. He was a good doggo. Sympathies & Condolences friend. I had a long comment written out but it just boils down to that, sympathies and condolences. Just remember, nothing ends, only transforms.
I had to put my dog down yesterday. This reminds me of him. :(		Losing your pet is harder than losing some relatives. I'm just glad I got to have him for the 3 years I did 		Edit: this sub really lives up to its reputation. Thank you everyone for all the support. He was a good boy and he gave us a lot of happy memories. I'm glad we were the ones that were lucky enough to have him. 		Edit2: reading through you guys' comments has brought tears to my eyes several times. I don't know how to thank you all. It means so much. I'm glad people here are willing to hear about my best friend. It's been nice talking about him. He was a good doggo. I'm so so so sorry. The pain is real and deep and debilitating. I lost my girl last May. What kind of dog was he? 
Our kitties are so terrified of the vet, so we talk to them like this whenever we have to go. It's an effective technique and they seem to greatly appreciate it. If you have pets, you should try it out on them! :)I've heard it only validates the fear for them.  Kinda like when a kid falls and looks to his parents to see if he should be crying.
Our kitties are so terrified of the vet, so we talk to them like this whenever we have to go. It's an effective technique and they seem to greatly appreciate it. If you have pets, you should try it out on them! :)This is going to sound weird, but try bringing a small kitchen towel and covering their head. My cat used to try stuffing himself in the trash hole in the vet room counter, but when we cover his head, he thinks they can't see him and is calm during the checkup.
Me when I see the memes in every good boy dog thread http://imgur.com/JzPbIn0 Dogs are great, but make sure you're prepared to take care of it if you want to get one! They can seem hard to take care of at times, but at the end of the day it's worth it.
I really hope they aren't putting him down :(oh god
I really hope they aren't putting him down :(that was my first thought. this is how we spoke to our dog before they put her down. we were all balling and making sure she knew how much we loved her. she was in pain but she didn't want to go I don't think. she was scared. it seemed like she knew something not good was happening. it was so heartbreaking. we couldn't stop holding her and then when it was done we were a wreck. she lived 17 years and her name was scooby and she was the best fucking dog on the planet. 
This got even more wholesome!We must go deeper
This got even more wholesome!The real wholesome is always in the comments 
Please do not let This dog distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table.Good God almighty, they've killed him
Please do not let This dog distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table.That's it! He's dead!
Please do not let This dog distract you from the fact that in 1998, The Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer's table.Where did that even come from?!?!
This never gets old :)[Who's a good dog?](https://media0ch-a.akamaihd.net/58/83/0e9ee4e4eb25180ced31cea19d0e5e9b.jpg)
[removed][removed]
Hey friend, I'm so sorry for the lost of your beloved dog. My thoughts are with you during this difficult time. I' sending lots of hugs and love your way. Thank you. It's the hardest thing I've ever had to go through. We took him in for a checkup and found out he had a ruptured tumor so it was completely unexpected. The worst part is that if we would've had $5000 we could've given him a chance. He was only 6. If anyone has any tips I'm open to hearing them. 		E: this comment has brought up a few comments about the finances. I shouldn't have even mentioned it. I explained below, we did have the money but it wasn't even a guarantee. It could've just gave him a couple more month of misery or he could've recovered. It was basically a $5000 gamble I suppose. I'm not sure if we made the right decision, but we did what we thought was right in the moment. 
Hey friend, I'm so sorry for the lost of your beloved dog. My thoughts are with you during this difficult time. I' sending lots of hugs and love your way. May I offer you an egg in this trying time?
Confirming that I would be a LOT more upset if my dog died than I would be if the majority of my relatives died. It's seriously the hardest loss I've ever been through. And that's saying something, death and I are no strangers 
This poem always helps me get through the constant pain since I lost my best friend, my Great Dane...		Do Not Stand at my Grave and Weep		Do not stand at my grave and weep.	I am not there. I do not sleep.	I am a thousand winds that blow.	I am the diamond glints on snow.	I am the sunlight on ripened grain.	I am the gentle autumn rain.	When you awake in the morning's hush	I am the swift uplifting rush	Of quiet birds in circled flight.	I am the soft stars that shine at night.	Do not stand at my grave and cry;	I am not there. I did not die.		Hope this helps you find some solace...Thank you so much for that. That's an extremely beautiful poem and I thank you for sharing it. 
Read [this](https://rainbowsbridge.com/Poem.htm) . It's helped me a good bit after losing my rabbit. I just had to put my rabbit down. My parents got him for me (from a shelter) when I was nine years old. He surpassed his life expectancy and stayed with me all the way through college. I even hid him in my dorm room freshman year. I am graduating in may, and I am sad that my Franco won't be with me for one more move. He was a good boy. 
Read [this](https://rainbowsbridge.com/Poem.htm) . It's helped me a good bit after losing my rabbit. Cool, just gonna go cry now.
I'm so so so sorry. The pain is real and deep and debilitating. I lost my girl last May. What kind of dog was he? No one could ever tell us for sure! He had a big underbite and was just shaggy as any dog you've seen. I got him from the shelter. I picked the "ugliest" dog I could find cause I knew it would be the least likely to get adopted. He was so goofy looking that it made him adorable 
I've heard it only validates the fear for them.  Kinda like when a kid falls and looks to his parents to see if he should be crying.Really? I was thinking more of it being a comforting voice to them. How would they know you're validating their fears? If anything, they'll sense you're not tense or scared
I've heard it only validates the fear for them.  Kinda like when a kid falls and looks to his parents to see if he should be crying.My dog *loves* the vet even though she's had to go in quite a few times now for getting spayed, ear infections (cockier spaniel, it's a constant battle against ear infections) and her regular shots. Every time she goes all the vet techs get all excited to see her, she gets tonnes of treats and she gets to see her favourite Vet Rosie so she had a great time there. One time she was going in for her spay but they couldn't carry it out because she'd gotten a bit of a skin infection on  the area they had to work on but since they'd already given her pre-meds, they decided to keep her in for the day for safety. She ended up spending the day behind the receptionist desk greeting all the animals that came in and had the whole run of the place! 
I've heard it only validates the fear for them.  Kinda like when a kid falls and looks to his parents to see if he should be crying.Dude, cats have no way of thinking in a cognitive manner like that.		Your animals are literally so dumb they can't understand that *you control the car*. They just think you guys get in the adventure box and sometimes you end up at the vet, hence the perpetual car stress.
This is going to sound weird, but try bringing a small kitchen towel and covering their head. My cat used to try stuffing himself in the trash hole in the vet room counter, but when we cover his head, he thinks they can't see him and is calm during the checkup.wow that's adorable 
oh god*wholesome thoughts wholesome thoughts wholesome thoughts*
[removed]No no, they're all the best boys. He loves them all equally.
That's it! He's dead!The mans got a family!!
Where did that even come from?!?!Took me a while, but I found [the source](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2014-06/25/16/enhanced/webdr11/anigif_enhanced-26804-1403728277-12.gif)
[Who's a good dog?](https://media0ch-a.akamaihd.net/58/83/0e9ee4e4eb25180ced31cea19d0e5e9b.jpg)Is it me?
[Who's a good dog?](https://media0ch-a.akamaihd.net/58/83/0e9ee4e4eb25180ced31cea19d0e5e9b.jpg)fuck. that is so cute. 		"not on my watch" and the look. 			i can totally relate to that. 			awww
[Who's a good dog?](https://media0ch-a.akamaihd.net/58/83/0e9ee4e4eb25180ced31cea19d0e5e9b.jpg)annnnd I just exploded from cuteness... 
[Who's a good dog?](https://media0ch-a.akamaihd.net/58/83/0e9ee4e4eb25180ced31cea19d0e5e9b.jpg)Totally expected the same comic :) smiled either way
Thank you. It's the hardest thing I've ever had to go through. We took him in for a checkup and found out he had a ruptured tumor so it was completely unexpected. The worst part is that if we would've had $5000 we could've given him a chance. He was only 6. If anyone has any tips I'm open to hearing them. 		E: this comment has brought up a few comments about the finances. I shouldn't have even mentioned it. I explained below, we did have the money but it wasn't even a guarantee. It could've just gave him a couple more month of misery or he could've recovered. It was basically a $5000 gamble I suppose. I'm not sure if we made the right decision, but we did what we thought was right in the moment. When I lost my two cats, I read poems about pet loss. Sounds weird but it made me feel less alone in my grieving. There's also a reddit community over at /r/petloss if you want to post. I'm so sorry for your loss, we all have you in our thoughts. 
Thank you. It's the hardest thing I've ever had to go through. We took him in for a checkup and found out he had a ruptured tumor so it was completely unexpected. The worst part is that if we would've had $5000 we could've given him a chance. He was only 6. If anyone has any tips I'm open to hearing them. 		E: this comment has brought up a few comments about the finances. I shouldn't have even mentioned it. I explained below, we did have the money but it wasn't even a guarantee. It could've just gave him a couple more month of misery or he could've recovered. It was basically a $5000 gamble I suppose. I'm not sure if we made the right decision, but we did what we thought was right in the moment. When we lost my childhood dog the best thing we did was talk about the silly or funny things she would do. Her strange habits and things like that.		Let yourself be sad when you need to. But, as cliche as it sounds, remembering the good times really does help.
Thank you. It's the hardest thing I've ever had to go through. We took him in for a checkup and found out he had a ruptured tumor so it was completely unexpected. The worst part is that if we would've had $5000 we could've given him a chance. He was only 6. If anyone has any tips I'm open to hearing them. 		E: this comment has brought up a few comments about the finances. I shouldn't have even mentioned it. I explained below, we did have the money but it wasn't even a guarantee. It could've just gave him a couple more month of misery or he could've recovered. It was basically a $5000 gamble I suppose. I'm not sure if we made the right decision, but we did what we thought was right in the moment. I'm so sorry about your dog. :( especially since that was such unexpected news. 		I'm not sure what your financial situation is like, but the program You Need A Budget (also referred to as YNAB) has been instrumental in helping me accumulate an emergency fund for things like unexpected vet bills. It might be helpful for any financial anxieties in the future. 		But also, $5000 is a good chunk of change, and it sounds like you gave him the most love-filled life he could have for the time he was with you. That's important to remember, I hope you don't beat yourself up for not having that kind of money. 
Thank you. It's the hardest thing I've ever had to go through. We took him in for a checkup and found out he had a ruptured tumor so it was completely unexpected. The worst part is that if we would've had $5000 we could've given him a chance. He was only 6. If anyone has any tips I'm open to hearing them. 		E: this comment has brought up a few comments about the finances. I shouldn't have even mentioned it. I explained below, we did have the money but it wasn't even a guarantee. It could've just gave him a couple more month of misery or he could've recovered. It was basically a $5000 gamble I suppose. I'm not sure if we made the right decision, but we did what we thought was right in the moment. You made the right choice. Back when I was younger, my family agreed, put him down peacefully. My dad decided to put in $7000 to keep him alive miserably for a couple weeks, and then blamed it on my brother saying he asked for it.			Not the right subreddit for my post, but dogs deserve a peaceful ending, and it would have just left more anger for you if you had tried the opposite. 
No one could ever tell us for sure! He had a big underbite and was just shaggy as any dog you've seen. I got him from the shelter. I picked the "ugliest" dog I could find cause I knew it would be the least likely to get adopted. He was so goofy looking that it made him adorable I love shaggy dogs!! How big was he? What was he like? 
Really? I was thinking more of it being a comforting voice to them. How would they know you're validating their fears? If anything, they'll sense you're not tense or scaredI just remember reading it and it kind of makes sense.  Like a kid falling down and crying. Usually if it's not a bad fall they look at an adult, I'd the adult starts going "oh no muh baby!". That will make them cry when just acting like it's no big deal will prevent it.
wow that's adorable The vet thinks it's hilarious. He does that anti gravity "flat cat" move when they try and flip him around.  http://i.imgur.com/0r47p5b.jpg 
*wholesome thoughts wholesome thoughts wholesome thoughts*I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."
[removed]Wrong sub for that kind of talk, brother. Unless you're feeling sad? Then this is the place
[removed]We ain't bout dat life here. 
No no, they're all the best boys. He loves them all equally.'everyone thinks that they have the best dog - and none of them are wrong' - W. R. Purche 
Is it me?Yes.
Is it me?Am I... am I the clitoris?		Oh my gahhhhd!?
fuck. that is so cute. 		"not on my watch" and the look. 			i can totally relate to that. 			awww>i can totally relate to that.		can confirm, am dog?
fuck. that is so cute. 		"not on my watch" and the look. 			i can totally relate to that. 			awww>i can totally relate to that.		On the internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
Totally expected the same comic :) smiled either wayYessss! That's how I was hoping the surprise would work! Glad you liked it.
What is wrong with her left boob?that was a pocket on her shirt
I'm so sorry about your dog. :( especially since that was such unexpected news. 		I'm not sure what your financial situation is like, but the program You Need A Budget (also referred to as YNAB) has been instrumental in helping me accumulate an emergency fund for things like unexpected vet bills. It might be helpful for any financial anxieties in the future. 		But also, $5000 is a good chunk of change, and it sounds like you gave him the most love-filled life he could have for the time he was with you. That's important to remember, I hope you don't beat yourself up for not having that kind of money. The thing is that we had the cash, it just wasn't even guaranteed to help him to live. There was a chance he could've had a few more years but if it was cancerous only 2 more months of mostly painful life. We had to make a tough decision. Right now we wish we would've made a different one about half the time. It's not a good feeling, but we did what we though was right in the moment. 
Give yourself time to grieve, it's OK to eventually move on and get another dog. It's what your dog would've wanted, for you to be happy.		Also, it's too late for your dog but it could have been you who was sick and needed the 5k. Consider making an emergency fund your top priority. R/personafinance has many tips on how to startLike I explained in another comment, we had the money, it just wasn't even guaranteed to help him to live. They said they weren't sure if he was stable enough to make it through and even if he did he might not make it much longer. But there was also a chance he could've fully recovered. It just seemed like the best decision at the time. :(
I just remember reading it and it kind of makes sense.  Like a kid falling down and crying. Usually if it's not a bad fall they look at an adult, I'd the adult starts going "oh no muh baby!". That will make them cry when just acting like it's no big deal will prevent it.A kid speaks your language. If you spoke in German, I doubt the kid would realize.
The vet thinks it's hilarious. He does that anti gravity "flat cat" move when they try and flip him around.  http://i.imgur.com/0r47p5b.jpg I kind of expected the photo to demonstrate the "flat cat" phenomenon you described but this is fine too. That is a very sweet photo. Fluffy cat is fluffy and cute!
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."This needs to be given gold. I'm sorry, if I had ANY money to spare I would do it myself. I had to take a break from work to have time to cry. My dog of 15 years just went to sleep in my heart last week and he's been wagging his tail in my heart ever since. Thank you for this.		Edit: Thank you for the gold. I will pay it forward in due time. 
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."This is beautiful, and my dog is right by me and I'm not too proud to say I'm crying. He really IS a good dog!
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."Thank you. I really needed that today.
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."wtf I didn't come here to cry :(
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."This actually made me tear up thinking of all the dogs ive had since I was born.  Thanks for posting this.
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."Oh god. Our first dog ever is 8 and has had some heath problems. My husband is terrified about it. I will show him this. 
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."STOP CUTING ONIONS I'M AT WORK!!		And my dogs tail is wiggling super strong in my heart right now.
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."By this logic, my heart is always racing because of all the cats I've loved purring within my heart? <3
I wouldn't worry. Dogs can't even die. Hold on, let me get my conductor hat...		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much."My good dog has been sleeping for a few years now. This definitely made me tear up thinking about her. She was a goofy old bat, but I love her more than anything. 		We've got another dog now that is the same colouring as our old one. Our new one is a spunky little asshole that I like to think is how my old one was when she was a puppy. I wish I could've had both at the same time. It would've been awesome. 
Wrong sub for that kind of talk, brother. Unless you're feeling sad? Then this is the placeYeah, maybe the guy lost a dog recently. We ought to not shame him with our reckless downvotes.
Yes.:D
Am I... am I the clitoris?		Oh my gahhhhd!?Thank you for a heartwarming reference
>i can totally relate to that.		can confirm, am dog?woof
that was a pocket on her shirtno.. u don't know her Story,,, for all weknow...she could born of POCKET BOOB..,,, 
The thing is that we had the cash, it just wasn't even guaranteed to help him to live. There was a chance he could've had a few more years but if it was cancerous only 2 more months of mostly painful life. We had to make a tough decision. Right now we wish we would've made a different one about half the time. It's not a good feeling, but we did what we though was right in the moment. If it were me, I would rather go peacefully, surrounded by my favorite people, than suffer for an undetermined amount of time.		My parents lost their 4 year old Golden recently. He had a few tumors which they got surgically removed. Turned out to be cancer. Unfortunately, the surgery made the tumors more aggressive and the cancer spread all throughout his abdomen. They tried everything, even radiation, but near the end they had to help Sammy defecate because he couldn't on his own.		By the time my parents decided to let him go, he was walking hunched over with his head down from the pain.		You did the right thing.
The thing is that we had the cash, it just wasn't even guaranteed to help him to live. There was a chance he could've had a few more years but if it was cancerous only 2 more months of mostly painful life. We had to make a tough decision. Right now we wish we would've made a different one about half the time. It's not a good feeling, but we did what we though was right in the moment. Dogs and cats and all pets give us what they can. Love, of course, but sometimes bites and worries and messes. They're not perfect, and they would never expect us to be. But in the end, the ones we love try to be good and we do the same. Unfortunately, we don't have the easiest decisions to make when it comes to these kinds of things. I think you did what was right even without considering the cost; you chose love like your dog would do without a second thought. 
Like I explained in another comment, we had the money, it just wasn't even guaranteed to help him to live. They said they weren't sure if he was stable enough to make it through and even if he did he might not make it much longer. But there was also a chance he could've fully recovered. It just seemed like the best decision at the time. :(If it was cancer it would have been a horrible couple of months. Experience. I've heard that when you have to put a pet down, you take their pain away and give it to yourself. That gives me comfort. The pain for me is horrible but he isn't in pain anymore.  
A kid speaks your language. If you spoke in German, I doubt the kid would realize.It has nothing to do with the verbal language.  It's all body language. 
Oh god. Our first dog ever is 8 and has had some heath problems. My husband is terrified about it. I will show him this. No worries I'm sure he's a good dog.
By this logic, my heart is always racing because of all the cats I've loved purring within my heart? <3Yes. They knead your heart which is why it hurts sometimes.
Yeah, maybe the guy lost a dog recently. We ought to not shame him with our reckless downvotes.Am I welcome here? Even with my username...? 		Btw, you're username is amazeballs!
Yeah, maybe the guy lost a dog recently. We ought to not shame him with our reckless downvotes.That's a very open minded and considerate thought ya have there,friend. I like it.
:DYou too.
Thank you for a heartwarming referenceI generally love the Try Guys, that episode and the one where they do drag are my two favorites. They bring such gusto to every video.		I may have misquoted it slightly- this is the video. (NSFW.) https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AdB0KtcePoQ
It has nothing to do with the verbal language.  It's all body language. And if you exude a calm and relaxed body language? I mean , I don't get nervous going to the vet.
Let the feels wash over youI actually sobbed for a good 20 mins after reading this and the crossing the rainbow bridge story/poem in succession. I needed that cry
Am I welcome here? Even with my username...? 		Btw, you're username is amazeballs!We're wholesome, not humorless. All are welcome!
Am I welcome here? Even with my username...? 		Btw, you're username is amazeballs!*your 		Just getting to ya before some mean guy gets to ya, friend :)
You too.All of you!
*your 		Just getting to ya before some mean guy gets to ya, friend :)Well thanks friendo :) I'll be more conscientious in the future!
All of you!And you're a good boy! And you're a good boy!!You're all good boys!!! 
Well I'm not dog behaviorist so I'm not really sure on specifics.  Just read that comforting them when they're distressed helps reinforce that there is something for them to worry about.  		It wouldn't make me completely ignore my pet for a one off, but when they're constantly worried about let's say going on a walk, pretty sure continually  stopping to calm is counter productive.Also not a dog behaviorist, but dogs validate their behavior based on your response. If you tell them they are a good boy/girl and offer positive reinforcement, they will think their behavior is acceptable for the situation. What has worked best for me to reverse this is ignoring as much nervous behavior as possible and praising the dog when it is relaxed. This might be difficult at first, but the more you practice, the better and easier it gets. It's also important to take your dog to the vet at times other than appointments so they don't think the vet is only a place they get painful shots. If they get treats and leave every other trip to the vet, they'll be a lot more willing to go.
