Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodMichael may be a half wit, but God damnit is he the most sincere character there is. 
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're good*Pam opens eyes, slight look of embarrassment/panic*		"Do you have something in your pocket??"		*Michael looks confused*		"Chunky..."		*Pam's look of panic intensifies*		"What???"		*Michael steps back, pulls a "Chunky"-brand candy bar out of his pocket*		"Raisins and chocolate...want half?"		*Pam looks relieved*		"No, thank you..."
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're good[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZER820cq6Q) for the ones who were looking for it in the comments.
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodThank you for posting this I really needed it today. 
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodAs I wipe the happy tears from my eyes, could someone give me context please, I never watched the American Office.
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodthat scene always crushes me 
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodGiraffe'd :)		http://i.imgur.com/6vW6mwB.jpg		Tell someone when you're proud of what they've done and who they are. It could change everything for them. 
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodEvery once in a while there are people in your life that not only deserve validation but need it.  Especially if they deserve it, you shouldn't be afraid to compliment something they've done that you really admire or enjoy.		Not only does validation feel wonderful to receive, but it feels incredible to give. 		Giving a small thing like a kind word or smile means a lot.  Don't miss an opportunity to appreciate someone!  		I appreciate this sub and all of you!  Thanks for making my every day brighter :D
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodThat whole show is like a wholesome meme. 
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodFavorite line from this episode: 		"being a good manager isn't about firing people it's about hiring people and inspiring people. People... Ryan. And people, will never go out of business"
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodNo show has ever hit me over the head with emotion so unexpectedly. 
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodHonestly my favorite moment in the show.  When he wasn't being crazy, Michael Scott was a great man.
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodI fucking love this show and I fucking love all of you.
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodThis is great because Michael was a character that always told you how he truly felt even if you didn't want to hear it. Thats the best kind of feedback for art
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodWas told by coworkers the other day that I was really good at the guitar. So satisfying XD
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodSteve Carell is the type of actor that could have turned the office into a Drama instead of a comedy and the show would have been just as popular.
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodThat scene was so important to balancing out Michael as a character.
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodPam and Michael's relationship is my favorite in the show.
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodr/dundermifflin (sorry, drove me crazy).
Saw this on r/dundermiflin ; this reminds me of how great it feels to be told you're goodI cried at this scene. The Office actually has some really good life lessons and inspirational moments. Wish there was a poster for this scene lol. Saving this post.
Michael may be a half wit, but God damnit is he the most sincere character there is. That was always his redeeming trait. He didn't always understand how to be humorous or politically correct and he often misunderstood complicated situations, but everything he did he did wholeheartedly and with the intention to make other people happy.		He was Dunder-Mifflin's best salesman in the 90s because of those traits, and, in my opinion, *the most subtle joke* is that Michael is a manager, and here's why: the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager. Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills *does not* mean they'll be any good at *managing others* who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up. Obligatory RIP inbox and thanks for the gold!!!
Michael may be a half wit, but God damnit is he the most sincere character there is. [Here's the video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZER820cq6Q)
Michael may be a half wit, but God damnit is he the most sincere character there is. That's the biggest difference between UK and US office.		David Brent is a jackass until you see a human side to him, showing that he really cares for people. And then right at the end you realize he doesn't at all and was putting on an act to make himself look better.		Michael Scott is a jackass and gets progressively worse. Then right at the end he does one small thing that shows he's a deeply caring person.
Michael may be a half wit, but God damnit is he the most sincere character there is. The episode with the deposition really showed just how loyal he was. Michael Scott was a true OG. David Wallace is right up there too in my books.
Michael may be a half wit, but God damnit is he the most sincere character there is. [Hijacking top comment for source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZER820cq6Q)
*Pam opens eyes, slight look of embarrassment/panic*		"Do you have something in your pocket??"		*Michael looks confused*		"Chunky..."		*Pam's look of panic intensifies*		"What???"		*Michael steps back, pulls a "Chunky"-brand candy bar out of his pocket*		"Raisins and chocolate...want half?"		*Pam looks relieved*		"No, thank you..."What does chunky mean and why does she panic?
[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZER820cq6Q) for the ones who were looking for it in the comments.No I'm not crying
[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZER820cq6Q) for the ones who were looking for it in the comments.My hero
[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZER820cq6Q) for the ones who were looking for it in the comments.[deleted]
[Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZER820cq6Q) for the ones who were looking for it in the comments.I'm not crying, it's just these unseasonably bad allergies. 
Thank you for posting this I really needed it today. I'm proud of you for admitting you needed a boost. You're going to do even better tomorrow.
As I wipe the happy tears from my eyes, could someone give me context please, I never watched the American Office.Her coworkers visited the gallery and did the phony "say it's lovely to her face, trash it behind her back" which she overheard. Art had been her passion and getting such negative feedback was devastating.		Then, at the very end of the day, Michael (the guy in the picture), her immature, douchey, often inappropriate boss comes in and legitimately compliments her art without a hint of BS. He particularly falls in love with a simplistic drawing she did of the office they work at, and tries to buy it so he can hang it in the office.		It's a very nice moment.
As I wipe the happy tears from my eyes, could someone give me context please, I never watched the American Office.https://youtu.be/YZER820cq6Q
As I wipe the happy tears from my eyes, could someone give me context please, I never watched the American Office.People are leaving out that her fianc (a dumb hothead guy who treats Pam like crap, and who she later dumps) stopped by with his brother, looked at it for about five seconds and then said something that basically amounted to "yeah hey, I looked at it ok? We're gonna go have a beer now"
As I wipe the happy tears from my eyes, could someone give me context please, I never watched the American Office.Pam is showing some of her art at a local exhibit. It's all inspired off her (seemingly) mundane office life. Nobody really appreciates it- then later in the episode Michael comes in and loves it. To others it is just a cold building, but Michael and Pam it is ther home and family.
As I wipe the happy tears from my eyes, could someone give me context please, I never watched the American Office.Go, go watch it right now, all of it. It is so so so so so so incredibly good.
As I wipe the happy tears from my eyes, could someone give me context please, I never watched the American Office.Basically she is an aspiring artist and entered her drawing into a gallery. Nobody really showed up and those who did, were way to critical. Michael genuinely cared about her and her dreams and they hung the painting in the office because he liked it so much. It was really the first time anyone(besides Jim really) seemed to care about what she actually enjoyed
that scene always crushes me I only just started watching the Office recently and that scene legit made me cry. Probably because I relate to Pam a lot and her whole story arc in that season is so damn real and it is just a reminder of how much one person believing in you can help you. God damn, such a good show. 
Giraffe'd :)		http://i.imgur.com/6vW6mwB.jpg		Tell someone when you're proud of what they've done and who they are. It could change everything for them. Did you make this? It's very cute and wholesome. You do a good job 
Giraffe'd :)		http://i.imgur.com/6vW6mwB.jpg		Tell someone when you're proud of what they've done and who they are. It could change everything for them. i'm proud of you for drawing so many awesome giraffes. :)
Giraffe'd :)		http://i.imgur.com/6vW6mwB.jpg		Tell someone when you're proud of what they've done and who they are. It could change everything for them. I can't believe a giraffe cartoon made me cry... 
Giraffe'd :)		http://i.imgur.com/6vW6mwB.jpg		Tell someone when you're proud of what they've done and who they are. It could change everything for them. You're quickly becoming my favourite novelty account! Thank you for your posts :-D
Every once in a while there are people in your life that not only deserve validation but need it.  Especially if they deserve it, you shouldn't be afraid to compliment something they've done that you really admire or enjoy.		Not only does validation feel wonderful to receive, but it feels incredible to give. 		Giving a small thing like a kind word or smile means a lot.  Don't miss an opportunity to appreciate someone!  		I appreciate this sub and all of you!  Thanks for making my every day brighter :Di love this sub
That whole show is like a wholesome meme. Maybe not Scott's tots
Favorite line from this episode: 		"being a good manager isn't about firing people it's about hiring people and inspiring people. People... Ryan. And people, will never go out of business""Your art is the prettiest art of all the art"
No show has ever hit me over the head with emotion so unexpectedly. Michael Scott proved we can all find someone to love us just like we are
I cried at this scene. The Office actually has some really good life lessons and inspirational moments. Wish there was a poster for this scene lol. Saving this post."I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them."		That show could be surprisingly inspirational. 
That was always his redeeming trait. He didn't always understand how to be humorous or politically correct and he often misunderstood complicated situations, but everything he did he did wholeheartedly and with the intention to make other people happy.		He was Dunder-Mifflin's best salesman in the 90s because of those traits, and, in my opinion, *the most subtle joke* is that Michael is a manager, and here's why: the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager. Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills *does not* mean they'll be any good at *managing others* who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up. Obligatory RIP inbox and thanks for the gold!!!That is what makes it so hard to dislike him. You want to because he's a bad manager, but you don't want to because he's not evil, he's just not suited to management. He really cares about everyone he works with, he just struggles to express it appropriately sometimes. 
That was always his redeeming trait. He didn't always understand how to be humorous or politically correct and he often misunderstood complicated situations, but everything he did he did wholeheartedly and with the intention to make other people happy.		He was Dunder-Mifflin's best salesman in the 90s because of those traits, and, in my opinion, *the most subtle joke* is that Michael is a manager, and here's why: the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager. Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills *does not* mean they'll be any good at *managing others* who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up. Obligatory RIP inbox and thanks for the gold!!!They even talk consistently about demoting Michael into Sales where he belongs. Hes even referred to as the secret weapon because he can make any sale. Remember the episode where he and Jan go to chilis to sell the paper to the entire town and the whole episode is Michael just being friendly and enjoying his lunch with the guy and then tying in paper at the end. 		God I love him. 
That was always his redeeming trait. He didn't always understand how to be humorous or politically correct and he often misunderstood complicated situations, but everything he did he did wholeheartedly and with the intention to make other people happy.		He was Dunder-Mifflin's best salesman in the 90s because of those traits, and, in my opinion, *the most subtle joke* is that Michael is a manager, and here's why: the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager. Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills *does not* mean they'll be any good at *managing others* who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up. Obligatory RIP inbox and thanks for the gold!!!>the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager		What's sad is that trait is often seen IRL. Instead of companies giving raises to people that are good in their positions, they'll often shoehorn them in to higher paid positions that they aren't good for. You could be the best salesperson in the world and be a horrid manager. 
That was always his redeeming trait. He didn't always understand how to be humorous or politically correct and he often misunderstood complicated situations, but everything he did he did wholeheartedly and with the intention to make other people happy.		He was Dunder-Mifflin's best salesman in the 90s because of those traits, and, in my opinion, *the most subtle joke* is that Michael is a manager, and here's why: the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager. Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills *does not* mean they'll be any good at *managing others* who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up. Obligatory RIP inbox and thanks for the gold!!![aka The Peter Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_principle)
That was always his redeeming trait. He didn't always understand how to be humorous or politically correct and he often misunderstood complicated situations, but everything he did he did wholeheartedly and with the intention to make other people happy.		He was Dunder-Mifflin's best salesman in the 90s because of those traits, and, in my opinion, *the most subtle joke* is that Michael is a manager, and here's why: the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager. Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills *does not* mean they'll be any good at *managing others* who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up. Obligatory RIP inbox and thanks for the gold!!!To be fair though, he is a good manager. The branch were consistently the highest performing in the area and he reveals in the episode where Jim becomes co-manager that he often acts like that to reduce tension and make people feel better. 
That was always his redeeming trait. He didn't always understand how to be humorous or politically correct and he often misunderstood complicated situations, but everything he did he did wholeheartedly and with the intention to make other people happy.		He was Dunder-Mifflin's best salesman in the 90s because of those traits, and, in my opinion, *the most subtle joke* is that Michael is a manager, and here's why: the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager. Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills *does not* mean they'll be any good at *managing others* who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up. Obligatory RIP inbox and thanks for the gold!!!>Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills does not mean they'll be any good at managing others who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		I see this at my job constantly. Often, someone good at a job will get promoted to manager as a reward and then they suck at it. Just let them be good at their job and reward them with - MORE MONEY! It is pretty simple. Just look at sports. The best players on the team will always make way more than the coach/manager. And you don't try to make your best player the coach.
That was always his redeeming trait. He didn't always understand how to be humorous or politically correct and he often misunderstood complicated situations, but everything he did he did wholeheartedly and with the intention to make other people happy.		He was Dunder-Mifflin's best salesman in the 90s because of those traits, and, in my opinion, *the most subtle joke* is that Michael is a manager, and here's why: the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager. Just because a person is good at a particular set of tasks or skills *does not* mean they'll be any good at *managing others* who are trying to perform those tasks or skills.		EDIT: Holy shit, this blew up. Obligatory RIP inbox and thanks for the gold!!!The Peter Principle
[Here's the video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZER820cq6Q)Thanks for the link. That was really nice. I haven't really watched the office much, but I must have seen a hundreds of clips. That's the most sympathetic portrayal of Michael I've ever seen. 		Also, I really appreciate whoever put up the clip to add the 2 other coworkers being dismissive of Pam's efforts. It helped with the context. 
That's the biggest difference between UK and US office.		David Brent is a jackass until you see a human side to him, showing that he really cares for people. And then right at the end you realize he doesn't at all and was putting on an act to make himself look better.		Michael Scott is a jackass and gets progressively worse. Then right at the end he does one small thing that shows he's a deeply caring person.The Office UK is a cynical look at the stereotypical office workplace, the Office US is a romanticisation of it.
That's the biggest difference between UK and US office.		David Brent is a jackass until you see a human side to him, showing that he really cares for people. And then right at the end you realize he doesn't at all and was putting on an act to make himself look better.		Michael Scott is a jackass and gets progressively worse. Then right at the end he does one small thing that shows he's a deeply caring person.Yeah, you'd never describe Brent as 'sincere' or 'caring'. He's a selfish wanker who will never be loved by anyone no matter how desperately he craves it. A lonely, tragic loser with essentially no positive attributes.		The US office is just a happier, more optimistic show in general though. They go for more of a 'wacky family' vibe than the miserable realism the UK version is known for.
That's the biggest difference between UK and US office.		David Brent is a jackass until you see a human side to him, showing that he really cares for people. And then right at the end you realize he doesn't at all and was putting on an act to make himself look better.		Michael Scott is a jackass and gets progressively worse. Then right at the end he does one small thing that shows he's a deeply caring person.I don't see that at all.		I just rewatched the office and Michael is by far his worst in season 1 and not in a good way.  As a viewer, I don't think the show would have succeeded if he was like that.  He wasn't a lovable goof, he was just an ignorant asshole.		He became *much* more palatable and then likable as the seasons went on (things like this picture).  Your description of Brent sounds exactly like how I would describe Michael.  Can't speak on UK version as I haven't seen it.
That's the biggest difference between UK and US office.		David Brent is a jackass until you see a human side to him, showing that he really cares for people. And then right at the end you realize he doesn't at all and was putting on an act to make himself look better.		Michael Scott is a jackass and gets progressively worse. Then right at the end he does one small thing that shows he's a deeply caring person.The episode where he talks about sleeping with Jan and is awkward and rude the whole time. Then at the end he tells David Wallace it was a joke and the idiot manager misunderstood it
What does chunky mean and why does she panic?She first asks him because she thinks he's popping a boner. He says "chunky" which is apparently another word for penis. Cue panic. He pulls it out and it's a candy bar.
What does chunky mean and why does she panic?Er well		There's kind of a running joke that when a male has an erection, he could just "have something in his pocket"		Like: "is that a banana in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?"		It's a pretty crappy joke but that's what the innuendo is in this case		"Chunky" could be interpreted as slang for an erection.
What does chunky mean and why does she panic?*penis*
No I'm not cryingIt's okay to cry :)
I'm proud of you for admitting you needed a boost. You're going to do even better tomorrow.seconded!! at the school i work at we give the students merits based on actions rooted in our core values (curiosity, community, courage, tenacity, and integrity). anytime a student asks for help or admits that they're lost i give them an integrity merit because being open about your vulnerabilities is, in my opinion, the truest form of honesty. 		you, u/mudd_butt, get an integrity merit today. 		(and a community for you, u/believe_the_hype2018!)
Her coworkers visited the gallery and did the phony "say it's lovely to her face, trash it behind her back" which she overheard. Art had been her passion and getting such negative feedback was devastating.		Then, at the very end of the day, Michael (the guy in the picture), her immature, douchey, often inappropriate boss comes in and legitimately compliments her art without a hint of BS. He particularly falls in love with a simplistic drawing she did of the office they work at, and tries to buy it so he can hang it in the office.		It's a very nice moment.It's more that out of all Pam's co-workers, initially only Oscar came to the gallery, and ended up insulting Pam behind her back with his boyfriend. Then Michael shows up late and is really nice about Pam's art. 		It's pretty much the catalyst in Pam's storyline that changes her from being quite meek and reserved to more assertive. 
Her coworkers visited the gallery and did the phony "say it's lovely to her face, trash it behind her back" which she overheard. Art had been her passion and getting such negative feedback was devastating.		Then, at the very end of the day, Michael (the guy in the picture), her immature, douchey, often inappropriate boss comes in and legitimately compliments her art without a hint of BS. He particularly falls in love with a simplistic drawing she did of the office they work at, and tries to buy it so he can hang it in the office.		It's a very nice moment.His douchiness only comes as a second order effect of his overall idiocy. He sincerely cares about everyone in the office (except toby).
Her coworkers visited the gallery and did the phony "say it's lovely to her face, trash it behind her back" which she overheard. Art had been her passion and getting such negative feedback was devastating.		Then, at the very end of the day, Michael (the guy in the picture), her immature, douchey, often inappropriate boss comes in and legitimately compliments her art without a hint of BS. He particularly falls in love with a simplistic drawing she did of the office they work at, and tries to buy it so he can hang it in the office.		It's a very nice moment.I wouldn't describe Michael as douchey, just oblivious. 
https://youtu.be/YZER820cq6QOh man. I do feel pretty wholesome right now!
https://youtu.be/YZER820cq6Q>[**Pam's Art Exhibition // The Office US [2:36]**](http://youtu.be/YZER820cq6Q)		>>An incredibly touching moment from The Office - Michael tells Pam that he is proud of her at the art exhibition.		> [*^The ^Office ^US*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa90xqK2odw1KV5wHU9WRhg) ^in ^Entertainment		>*^500,186 ^views ^since ^May ^2015*		[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
https://youtu.be/YZER820cq6Q"That is our building." :( 
https://youtu.be/YZER820cq6Qwow that was really touching and then they throw in a random dick joke and completely ruin it...
People are leaving out that her fianc (a dumb hothead guy who treats Pam like crap, and who she later dumps) stopped by with his brother, looked at it for about five seconds and then said something that basically amounted to "yeah hey, I looked at it ok? We're gonna go have a beer now"He said (earnestly), "Your art was the prettiest of all the art." In a way it's worse than being dismissive, because it shows that even when he's trying his best, he doesn't really get Pam and her passions. 
Did you make this? It's very cute and wholesome. You do a good job I did. Thank you very much :) 
i'm proud of you for drawing so many awesome giraffes. :):')
i love this subI love you!
Maybe not Scott's totsObligatory r/cannotwatchscottstots
Maybe not Scott's totsBut it is wholesome. Michael doesn't promise to pay for those kids' college out of malice, he does it because he legit thought he'd be a millionaire by then and he wanted to help them. And at the end the teacher mentions that everyone in that class graduated, unlike the rest of the school. He believed in them and that alone helped a lot.
Maybe not Scott's totsThat's by far my least favorite episode in the series. It's soul crushing
"I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them."		That show could be surprisingly inspirational. My favorite quote from when Kevin and his team won trivia night:		"Look, I know it's easy to say tonight was just a fluke, and maybe it was. But here's a piece of trivia: A fluke is one of the most common fish in the sea, So if you go fishing for a fluke, chances are... you just might catch one."
"I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days before you've actually left them."		That show could be surprisingly inspirational. This made even more if an impact on me because it was Andy. His life was pretty crap up until that point from being in anger management to his dad not loving him and him losing his job. But he still knew how great those days were. Double that effect when I rewatched this is in college after leaving home. 
That is what makes it so hard to dislike him. You want to because he's a bad manager, but you don't want to because he's not evil, he's just not suited to management. He really cares about everyone he works with, he just struggles to express it appropriately sometimes. It explains why Stanley resents him so much. He and Stanley have worked together for a long time, and there was probably a time when they were equals (both salesmen). Stanley might have even liked Michael at the time, enjoying his gregarious, friendly personality. 		When Michael was promoted, Stanley was probably one of the first poeple he alienated, in that he kept trying to be his friend but also had to be his boss, which is pretty much impossible to do. By the time we are introduced to the characters, it's pretty clear that Stanley thinks he is an incompetent manager and no longer considers him a friend. While aloof and impersonal, Stanley *does* know a lot of things about Michael.
That is what makes it so hard to dislike him. You want to because he's a bad manager, but you don't want to because he's not evil, he's just not suited to management. He really cares about everyone he works with, he just struggles to express it appropriately sometimes. Sometimes it was easy for me to dislike him because he did selfish things that *didn't* have other people's interest in mind.
That is what makes it so hard to dislike him. You want to because he's a bad manager, but you don't want to because he's not evil, he's just not suited to management. He really cares about everyone he works with, he just struggles to express it appropriately sometimes. Is he a bad manager? His branch consistently leads in sales. The amount of company outings and parties usually results in improved camaraderie and generally good morale. Every person he hires has a specific personality and role that fits within the ecosystem of the company. 		In the first season, Jim dreaded the idea of moving up in the company/staying there for any extended amount of time. Jim was perhaps the smartest and most naturally talented person in the company region. But he had the job because he wasn't motivated to do something challenging. In the end, the most challenging thing for him was finding love and being secure in his job. Something that under Michael (and maybe only under Michael), he was capable of doing. And he stayed with the company as a result. 		Sure, he's offensive and disruptive, but he produces results and everyone was sad when he left (except maybe Stanley/Toby). I find Michael extremely naive, but naturally harmless and truly caring about the people he was leading.
That is what makes it so hard to dislike him. You want to because he's a bad manager, but you don't want to because he's not evil, he's just not suited to management. He really cares about everyone he works with, he just struggles to express it appropriately sometimes. I love how even though he is not a good boss, he somehow manages to be number one in the company multiple times. 
That is what makes it so hard to dislike him. You want to because he's a bad manager, but you don't want to because he's not evil, he's just not suited to management. He really cares about everyone he works with, he just struggles to express it appropriately sometimes. He's not very nice to Meredith, Phyllis, Toby, Angela etc. He's really only nice to people he likes.
That is what makes it so hard to dislike him. You want to because he's a bad manager, but you don't want to because he's not evil, he's just not suited to management. He really cares about everyone he works with, he just struggles to express it appropriately sometimes. I kinda disagree. He has his moments, but he is definitely selfish and manipulative on purpose, and very much an opportunist. The good moments lose to the bad if you ask me. He's a petty, childish man with no real desire to better himself when it comes to his coworkers. I feel bad for him because it's clear his childhood was pretty messed up too, but I just can't bring myself to like him.
That is what makes it so hard to dislike him. You want to because he's a bad manager, but you don't want to because he's not evil, he's just not suited to management. He really cares about everyone he works with, he just struggles to express it appropriately sometimes. Except with Toby because fuck Toby
They even talk consistently about demoting Michael into Sales where he belongs. Hes even referred to as the secret weapon because he can make any sale. Remember the episode where he and Jan go to chilis to sell the paper to the entire town and the whole episode is Michael just being friendly and enjoying his lunch with the guy and then tying in paper at the end. 		God I love him. Didn't they repeatedly state that his branch was the only successful one and even didn't lose a client when they absorbed the other branch?		I thought the show made it out that even though he wasted tons of time and did what he did, that he somehow was kind of an idiot savant manager
>the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager		What's sad is that trait is often seen IRL. Instead of companies giving raises to people that are good in their positions, they'll often shoehorn them in to higher paid positions that they aren't good for. You could be the best salesperson in the world and be a horrid manager. But often those people ask for it. If your best sales person wants to move up to an open spot you can't really say no. They'll go somewhere else instead. 
>the company promoted their best salesman rather than hiring a good manager		What's sad is that trait is often seen IRL. Instead of companies giving raises to people that are good in their positions, they'll often shoehorn them in to higher paid positions that they aren't good for. You could be the best salesperson in the world and be a horrid manager. This is called the Peter principle. 
[aka The Peter Principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_principle)If someone is good at what they do, promote them until they aren't.
Thanks for the link. That was really nice. I haven't really watched the office much, but I must have seen a hundreds of clips. That's the most sympathetic portrayal of Michael I've ever seen. 		Also, I really appreciate whoever put up the clip to add the 2 other coworkers being dismissive of Pam's efforts. It helped with the context. That was actually just a part of the context, she invites the entire office and those 2 are the only ones that show up (only 1 is a co-worker), so she's already upset about that. Her bf even shows up and asks where the rest of the office is and makes her feel bad about it. And then strangers were making dismissive comments about her paintings all night too.		She basically just had a super shitty couple hours before Michael showed up, so she really needed to hear that.
Thanks for the link. That was really nice. I haven't really watched the office much, but I must have seen a hundreds of clips. That's the most sympathetic portrayal of Michael I've ever seen. 		Also, I really appreciate whoever put up the clip to add the 2 other coworkers being dismissive of Pam's efforts. It helped with the context. That and the fact you can tell Michael isn't just saying it to be nice after all the negative comments, he actually loves it and that's so wholesome
The Office UK is a cynical look at the stereotypical office workplace, the Office US is a romanticisation of it.Which is pretty much the difference between UK TV and US TV (generally speaking)		US TV is very very romanticized. There is a lot of redemption, people falling in love, people patching up countless times, etc etc. It feels good, but it doesn't feel real.
I don't see that at all.		I just rewatched the office and Michael is by far his worst in season 1 and not in a good way.  As a viewer, I don't think the show would have succeeded if he was like that.  He wasn't a lovable goof, he was just an ignorant asshole.		He became *much* more palatable and then likable as the seasons went on (things like this picture).  Your description of Brent sounds exactly like how I would describe Michael.  Can't speak on UK version as I haven't seen it.He's worst in Season 1 because that's when they were most trying to emulate the UK version, but even then he was a nicer, gentler version. When they realized that was their differentiation they ran with it.
I don't see that at all.		I just rewatched the office and Michael is by far his worst in season 1 and not in a good way.  As a viewer, I don't think the show would have succeeded if he was like that.  He wasn't a lovable goof, he was just an ignorant asshole.		He became *much* more palatable and then likable as the seasons went on (things like this picture).  Your description of Brent sounds exactly like how I would describe Michael.  Can't speak on UK version as I haven't seen it.Well that's the thing, Michael Scott's English counterpart, David Brent, *is* an ignorant asshole. That's what was funny about him. He was narcissistic, unfunny, awkward, rude etc.
She first asks him because she thinks he's popping a boner. He says "chunky" which is apparently another word for penis. Cue panic. He pulls it out and it's a candy bar.I was thinking it sounded like "chubby" aka half boner.
She first asks him because she thinks he's popping a boner. He says "chunky" which is apparently another word for penis. Cue panic. He pulls it out and it's a candy bar.its not a word for erect penis, it just sounds like it should be
Er well		There's kind of a running joke that when a male has an erection, he could just "have something in his pocket"		Like: "is that a banana in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?"		It's a pretty crappy joke but that's what the innuendo is in this case		"Chunky" could be interpreted as slang for an erection.'Is that a roll of quarters or are you just having a good time?'		'roll of quarters .... Laundry day.'
seconded!! at the school i work at we give the students merits based on actions rooted in our core values (curiosity, community, courage, tenacity, and integrity). anytime a student asks for help or admits that they're lost i give them an integrity merit because being open about your vulnerabilities is, in my opinion, the truest form of honesty. 		you, u/mudd_butt, get an integrity merit today. 		(and a community for you, u/believe_the_hype2018!)I always wanted a merit and I always wanted a community. Thank you for giving me a bit of both 
It's more that out of all Pam's co-workers, initially only Oscar came to the gallery, and ended up insulting Pam behind her back with his boyfriend. Then Michael shows up late and is really nice about Pam's art. 		It's pretty much the catalyst in Pam's storyline that changes her from being quite meek and reserved to more assertive. It's more than just Michael being nice though, it's that he's established to have no filter whatsoever, and ALWAYS goes for the joke even at the worst possible time. Generally speaking, he's bad at reading "cues". 		So when he shows up late, his appreciation of the art just comes across as so genuine. Best part, Pam is just looking for some basic appreciation, but he offers to buy it. He's at an art gallery, isn't he? She's spent the entire day questioning herself and thinking she's a shitty artist, and here comes oblivious Michael who not only likes it, but wants to purchase it. His assumption is that it has to be for sale, why wouldn't it be? Even when she hugs him he still has no idea how much joy he's brought her. 
It's more that out of all Pam's co-workers, initially only Oscar came to the gallery, and ended up insulting Pam behind her back with his boyfriend. Then Michael shows up late and is really nice about Pam's art. 		It's pretty much the catalyst in Pam's storyline that changes her from being quite meek and reserved to more assertive. I figured it was Jim and her falling in love. She always dressed in a non flattering way, little makeup here and there, and was kinda plain and shy. Once she and jim got together, she got a lot more creative in her attire, looked a lot nicer(not implying at all you need makeup to be pretty, just that she looked a lot brighter and happier), and was more outgoing 
It's more that out of all Pam's co-workers, initially only Oscar came to the gallery, and ended up insulting Pam behind her back with his boyfriend. Then Michael shows up late and is really nice about Pam's art. 		It's pretty much the catalyst in Pam's storyline that changes her from being quite meek and reserved to more assertive. Oscars boyfriend Gill really ripped into her, and called it "motel art". Oscar sort of tried to defend her saying she was only starting.
His douchiness only comes as a second order effect of his overall idiocy. He sincerely cares about everyone in the office (except toby).I don't think Michael is a douche. He's just socially inept and has no filter. 
His douchiness only comes as a second order effect of his overall idiocy. He sincerely cares about everyone in the office (except toby).Fuck Toby tho amirite? 
wow that was really touching and then they throw in a random dick joke and completely ruin it...Well that's kind of taken out of context. If you watch that whole episode just before Michael got to the art show he was at a college campus doing a presentation and he kept pulling out random candy bars that would create puns and then throw them into the crowd. For example "If you sell enough paper you will make a "One Hundred Grand" and that is a "Payday"". So when he gets to the art 	exhibit its only fitting that he has that chunky in his pocket and they squeeze out another pun.
wow that was really touching and then they throw in a random dick joke and completely ruin it...Well, that's Michael's whole shtick. He's caring and nice but also cringy and would probably be fired based on sexual harassment WAY before the show even aired if this was real.
wow that was really touching and then they throw in a random dick joke and completely ruin it...That's The Office for ya!
wow that was really touching and then they throw in a random dick joke and completely ruin it...Ruin it? It's a comedy show..
He said (earnestly), "Your art was the prettiest of all the art." In a way it's worse than being dismissive, because it shows that even when he's trying his best, he doesn't really get Pam and her passions. Your art... is the prettiest art... out of all the art.		So, you coming back to my place tonight?
I did. Thank you very much :) How much? I don't see a price.
I did. Thank you very much :) I'm proud of you :)
My favorite quote from when Kevin and his team won trivia night:		"Look, I know it's easy to say tonight was just a fluke, and maybe it was. But here's a piece of trivia: A fluke is one of the most common fish in the sea, So if you go fishing for a fluke, chances are... you just might catch one."One of my favorite episodes!
It explains why Stanley resents him so much. He and Stanley have worked together for a long time, and there was probably a time when they were equals (both salesmen). Stanley might have even liked Michael at the time, enjoying his gregarious, friendly personality. 		When Michael was promoted, Stanley was probably one of the first poeple he alienated, in that he kept trying to be his friend but also had to be his boss, which is pretty much impossible to do. By the time we are introduced to the characters, it's pretty clear that Stanley thinks he is an incompetent manager and no longer considers him a friend. While aloof and impersonal, Stanley *does* know a lot of things about Michael.Thats why the episode where Michael fires Stanley for making fun of him was hard to watch. You can tell Stanley is genuinely upset at Michaels behavior and he just snaps. Then they both make up when michael says it was a joke and Stanley promises to be nicer to him
It explains why Stanley resents him so much. He and Stanley have worked together for a long time, and there was probably a time when they were equals (both salesmen). Stanley might have even liked Michael at the time, enjoying his gregarious, friendly personality. 		When Michael was promoted, Stanley was probably one of the first poeple he alienated, in that he kept trying to be his friend but also had to be his boss, which is pretty much impossible to do. By the time we are introduced to the characters, it's pretty clear that Stanley thinks he is an incompetent manager and no longer considers him a friend. While aloof and impersonal, Stanley *does* know a lot of things about Michael.Maybe they should do a prequel for The Office.
It explains why Stanley resents him so much. He and Stanley have worked together for a long time, and there was probably a time when they were equals (both salesmen). Stanley might have even liked Michael at the time, enjoying his gregarious, friendly personality. 		When Michael was promoted, Stanley was probably one of the first poeple he alienated, in that he kept trying to be his friend but also had to be his boss, which is pretty much impossible to do. By the time we are introduced to the characters, it's pretty clear that Stanley thinks he is an incompetent manager and no longer considers him a friend. While aloof and impersonal, Stanley *does* know a lot of things about Michael.but Micheals branch regularly out performs every other branch. SO is he really a bad manager?
It explains why Stanley resents him so much. He and Stanley have worked together for a long time, and there was probably a time when they were equals (both salesmen). Stanley might have even liked Michael at the time, enjoying his gregarious, friendly personality. 		When Michael was promoted, Stanley was probably one of the first poeple he alienated, in that he kept trying to be his friend but also had to be his boss, which is pretty much impossible to do. By the time we are introduced to the characters, it's pretty clear that Stanley thinks he is an incompetent manager and no longer considers him a friend. While aloof and impersonal, Stanley *does* know a lot of things about Michael.I think they reflect on this further when Jim becomes manager and makes mistakes that alienate him from everyone even though he actually has qualities fitting a manager. Then Michael gives him the greatest boss mug. You can tell Jim gets it that episode. 
It explains why Stanley resents him so much. He and Stanley have worked together for a long time, and there was probably a time when they were equals (both salesmen). Stanley might have even liked Michael at the time, enjoying his gregarious, friendly personality. 		When Michael was promoted, Stanley was probably one of the first poeple he alienated, in that he kept trying to be his friend but also had to be his boss, which is pretty much impossible to do. By the time we are introduced to the characters, it's pretty clear that Stanley thinks he is an incompetent manager and no longer considers him a friend. While aloof and impersonal, Stanley *does* know a lot of things about Michael.Damn, I wish you'd do this for all of the sitcomes I've watched.
Sometimes it was easy for me to dislike him because he did selfish things that *didn't* have other people's interest in mind.Like the time he went for the bonus for ending a year with remaining budget money instead of buying new chairs or copy machine for the office.
Sometimes it was easy for me to dislike him because he did selfish things that *didn't* have other people's interest in mind.people really overlook this
Sometimes it was easy for me to dislike him because he did selfish things that *didn't* have other people's interest in mind.The episode where Dwight gets a concussion and Michael only cares about his foot ticks me off soo bad. 
Is he a bad manager? His branch consistently leads in sales. The amount of company outings and parties usually results in improved camaraderie and generally good morale. Every person he hires has a specific personality and role that fits within the ecosystem of the company. 		In the first season, Jim dreaded the idea of moving up in the company/staying there for any extended amount of time. Jim was perhaps the smartest and most naturally talented person in the company region. But he had the job because he wasn't motivated to do something challenging. In the end, the most challenging thing for him was finding love and being secure in his job. Something that under Michael (and maybe only under Michael), he was capable of doing. And he stayed with the company as a result. 		Sure, he's offensive and disruptive, but he produces results and everyone was sad when he left (except maybe Stanley/Toby). I find Michael extremely naive, but naturally harmless and truly caring about the people he was leading.I think it was largely Dwight that made them successful. When Jim leaves and Ryan takes over some of his clients, they don't talk about the other salesmen struggling. When Dwight is fired the other salesmen all struggle for a while because Dwight had so many clients and because he password protected their files with different mythological clients.		When Andy is manager but away sailing, the office does really well, mainly because Dwight gets clients.		The other salesmen do well too; Jim can make his numbers easily, Stanley has the most consistent sales, Phyllis knows how to smooze her clients like getting the giant bouffant hairstyle. Andy and Pam were the weak links sales wise.
Except with Toby because fuck TobyToby is the embodiment of the traits that Michael wants to suppress. Awkwardness, melancholy, unsocial, task orientated (instead of people). He hates him for the same reason that reddit downvotes comments that are seen as trying too hard to be funny. They want to disassociate themselves from behavior they are suppressing. 
Except with Toby because fuck TobyHey, Toby is doing his best and doesn't want to hurt anyone. Remember where you are friend.
Except with Toby because fuck Toby["I want today to be a beautiful memory. And if Toby is part of it, then it'll *suck*"](https://youtu.be/np152Jjq9U8?t=57)
Didn't they repeatedly state that his branch was the only successful one and even didn't lose a client when they absorbed the other branch?		I thought the show made it out that even though he wasted tons of time and did what he did, that he somehow was kind of an idiot savant managerHe's also complimented for trimming the budget after absorbing Stanford which is actually funny when you think about it because he only managed to do that because most of the Stanford employees couldn't deal with his management style and quit.
Didn't they repeatedly state that his branch was the only successful one and even didn't lose a client when they absorbed the other branch?		I thought the show made it out that even though he wasted tons of time and did what he did, that he somehow was kind of an idiot savant managerIdiot Savant is exactly the right way of describing him. Poor, sweet, difficult Michael.
Didn't they repeatedly state that his branch was the only successful one and even didn't lose a client when they absorbed the other branch?		I thought the show made it out that even though he wasted tons of time and did what he did, that he somehow was kind of an idiot savant managerMy fav was when he started his own paper company and jacked all of Dunder Mifflins clients, which backfired on him and then un-backfired on him. Ahh the good ol' michael loopdeloo
Didn't they repeatedly state that his branch was the only successful one and even didn't lose a client when they absorbed the other branch?		I thought the show made it out that even though he wasted tons of time and did what he did, that he somehow was kind of an idiot savant managerEh you have to remember how poor Dunder Mifflin was doing. He would occasionally make crazy smart choices like the golden ticket that kept them number one. 
If someone is good at what they do, promote them until they aren't.These things actually happen.		Happened to me while I was in college.		I got hired for a job I was unqualified for, and I had to learn on-the-job. The other people I worked with were smarter than I was, not just concerning the job, but in general.		I was promoted and got raises and eventually was their boss, in a way.		Yeah they fucking hated me.
There's a decent reason it happens, though. If the company keeps giving people raises without promoting them, they still have to pay the higher rate to the manager. It won't do to have the manager making less than the employees, after all. So in the end, they just wind up paying everyone way more, and they might not be able to/want to afford that.> It won't do to have the manager making less than the employees, after all.		This is flawed logic and leads to the scenario I described above.
That and the fact you can tell Michael isn't just saying it to be nice after all the negative comments, he actually loves it and that's so wholesomeThat's why this is my favorite scene from the Office - Michael absolutely means it when he fawns over her work. Just because it sounds silly - "these could be tracings!" - it's easy to view another way, but you have to remember that to Michael, someone who doesn't know anything about art, this is the highest form of praise he could probably manage to articulate. He's actually really, genuinely enjoying her work and makes a genuine emotional connection with her portrait of the office building. 		It ends up being worth more to Pam than even if the entire office had showed up and patronized her, which was probably what Pam's imagined best case scenario was. Instead she got someone to really appreciate her as an artist and feel something real from her work. 
Which is pretty much the difference between UK TV and US TV (generally speaking)		US TV is very very romanticized. There is a lot of redemption, people falling in love, people patching up countless times, etc etc. It feels good, but it doesn't feel real.I've actually read it's more of a reflection of how people in the US glorify mindless work culture and people in the UK see it as...mindless work culture. 		People in the US think they're gonna make it big and this is just temporary work, so they make it meaningful. People in the UK see it more bleakly
Which is pretty much the difference between UK TV and US TV (generally speaking)		US TV is very very romanticized. There is a lot of redemption, people falling in love, people patching up countless times, etc etc. It feels good, but it doesn't feel real.No more real than an office full of narcissistic assholes yet people keep working there.  The various places I've worked more resemble the US version than the UK version
'Is that a roll of quarters or are you just having a good time?'		'roll of quarters .... Laundry day.''Is that your weiner in your pocket?'   		'Yup! ',) "
It's more than just Michael being nice though, it's that he's established to have no filter whatsoever, and ALWAYS goes for the joke even at the worst possible time. Generally speaking, he's bad at reading "cues". 		So when he shows up late, his appreciation of the art just comes across as so genuine. Best part, Pam is just looking for some basic appreciation, but he offers to buy it. He's at an art gallery, isn't he? She's spent the entire day questioning herself and thinking she's a shitty artist, and here comes oblivious Michael who not only likes it, but wants to purchase it. His assumption is that it has to be for sale, why wouldn't it be? Even when she hugs him he still has no idea how much joy he's brought her. Michael also seems to have that particular reaction to Pam's art because she uses paper, and he had previously spent the day being told that his livelihood was slowly being made redundant by Ryan's business school class. So I feel like there's a lot of pride that she a) used paper, and b) drew the office. 
I figured it was Jim and her falling in love. She always dressed in a non flattering way, little makeup here and there, and was kinda plain and shy. Once she and jim got together, she got a lot more creative in her attire, looked a lot nicer(not implying at all you need makeup to be pretty, just that she looked a lot brighter and happier), and was more outgoing It's pretty much a major theme of season 3, her becoming more assertive. There's a moment where IIRC, at the bar she orders a Diet Coke and a normal coke and gets two normal cokes, and musters up the courage to speak up to the bartender about it. 		And then most obviously there's the Beach Games episode where she does the fire walk and then speaks to Jim about how it's weird they haven't been hanging out, in front of everyone. 
I figured it was Jim and her falling in love. She always dressed in a non flattering way, little makeup here and there, and was kinda plain and shy. Once she and jim got together, she got a lot more creative in her attire, looked a lot nicer(not implying at all you need makeup to be pretty, just that she looked a lot brighter and happier), and was more outgoing I always got the impression that on top of being reserved by nature, she downplayed her appearance as much as possible because of how inappropriate her co-workers *coughMichaelcough* were, even when she deliberately tried to avoid attention.
Oscars boyfriend Gill really ripped into her, and called it "motel art". Oscar sort of tried to defend her saying she was only starting.Yeah, and Oscar essentially says that Pam isn't brave, which is what leads to her becoming more assertive. 
I don't think Michael is a douche. He's just socially inept and has no filter. He was a jerk initially but his character evolved as they moved away from the British version. He's a dramatically different character than David Brent. 
Fuck Toby tho amirite? Hey buddy, please remember this is /r/wholesomememes		But yeah, fuck toby
I actually have to agree with you. This is one of the reasons I love Community so much. Sometimes they can just have honest heartwarming moments without anything else happening.One snapshot is all this is.  The Office has many more moments like this that are more effective than anything in community.  Point blank if you are looking for a touching comedy the office is a better show.
How much? I don't see a price.Penny probably won't advertise herself, but you can actually buy calendars and posters of hers.		https://www.etsy.com/au/shop/PennyRedshaw
Thats why the episode where Michael fires Stanley for making fun of him was hard to watch. You can tell Stanley is genuinely upset at Michaels behavior and he just snaps. Then they both make up when michael says it was a joke and Stanley promises to be nicer to him*DID I STUTTER?*
Thats why the episode where Michael fires Stanley for making fun of him was hard to watch. You can tell Stanley is genuinely upset at Michaels behavior and he just snaps. Then they both make up when michael says it was a joke and Stanley promises to be nicer to himIt's also one of the few times Michael ends up handling a situation in a normal competent way when he says that he just can't speak to him like that in the office. 
Thats why the episode where Michael fires Stanley for making fun of him was hard to watch. You can tell Stanley is genuinely upset at Michaels behavior and he just snaps. Then they both make up when michael says it was a joke and Stanley promises to be nicer to himI find this scene harder to watch than the Scott's Tots one. 
Maybe they should do a prequel for The Office.Episode 1: The Phantom Packer
but Micheals branch regularly out performs every other branch. SO is he really a bad manager?I responded to a similar comment, but basically, the branch is successful because Michael is a good salesman, not manager. He says himself he landed "half the branch's clients" when he starts his own paper company, and he makes a few huge sales of his own as a manager (getting hammer mill as a supplier, the Canadian deal, landing "The Cos" in the pretzel episode).	
Damn, I wish you'd do this for all of the sitcomes I've watched.Dude, let me know your favorite sitcoms and I'll overthink them for you. 
Like the time he went for the bonus for ending a year with remaining budget money instead of buying new chairs or copy machine for the office.But Burlington coat factory...
Like the time he went for the bonus for ending a year with remaining budget money instead of buying new chairs or copy machine for the office.I think that's because he didn't want to let either side down. So being the guy he is he somehow thought the bonus would be better than letting half the office down. Maybe... I could be wrong	
The episode where Dwight gets a concussion and Michael only cares about his foot ticks me off soo bad. It's a symptom of one of his character flaws which is a lack of self awareness. It's not that others aren't dealing with selfish thoughts, but he doesn't filter.		Plus he's also kind of an asshole but I think he grows a bit.
I think it was largely Dwight that made them successful. When Jim leaves and Ryan takes over some of his clients, they don't talk about the other salesmen struggling. When Dwight is fired the other salesmen all struggle for a while because Dwight had so many clients and because he password protected their files with different mythological clients.		When Andy is manager but away sailing, the office does really well, mainly because Dwight gets clients.		The other salesmen do well too; Jim can make his numbers easily, Stanley has the most consistent sales, Phyllis knows how to smooze her clients like getting the giant bouffant hairstyle. Andy and Pam were the weak links sales wise.Yeah, I think Michael was just lucky that he had a really good sales crew.  It is kind of odd that Dwight was the top salesperson since he was so awkward and had such a strange personality, without much charisma or charm. 		The best trait that Michael had as a manager was that he genuinely cared about his employees.  He tried to be respectful and make everyone comfortable and happy. On many occasions he failed, but he genuinely wanted everyone to like him. If his staff had not been sales-oriented and self sufficient, the branch would have failed, but he got lucky and had a good crew. 		Ryan was absolutely terrible, he sucked at sales and was shady and manipulative.  Michael was a very poor judge of character and never picked up on Ryan's flaws. 
I think it was largely Dwight that made them successful. When Jim leaves and Ryan takes over some of his clients, they don't talk about the other salesmen struggling. When Dwight is fired the other salesmen all struggle for a while because Dwight had so many clients and because he password protected their files with different mythological clients.		When Andy is manager but away sailing, the office does really well, mainly because Dwight gets clients.		The other salesmen do well too; Jim can make his numbers easily, Stanley has the most consistent sales, Phyllis knows how to smooze her clients like getting the giant bouffant hairstyle. Andy and Pam were the weak links sales wise.Mythological clients...like Recyclops?
Toby is the embodiment of the traits that Michael wants to suppress. Awkwardness, melancholy, unsocial, task orientated (instead of people). He hates him for the same reason that reddit downvotes comments that are seen as trying too hard to be funny. They want to disassociate themselves from behavior they are suppressing. I always thought he just hated Toby because he took Holly's place
Hey, Toby is doing his best and doesn't want to hurt anyone. Remember where you are friend.That's the most kindly worded threat I've ever heard.
Hey, Toby is doing his best and doesn't want to hurt anyone. Remember where you are friend.I apologize, that was hateful and unnecessary.
He's also complimented for trimming the budget after absorbing Stanford which is actually funny when you think about it because he only managed to do that because most of the Stanford employees couldn't deal with his management style and quit.He fired the fat guy when he tried to quit and they had to pay a severance though. 
My fav was when he started his own paper company and jacked all of Dunder Mifflins clients, which backfired on him and then un-backfired on him. Ahh the good ol' michael loopdelooI love the closing of that arc, the scene where he is in negotiations with David Wallace.		David is trying to hard ball him into a buy out, saying "I don't know how your prices are so low, but I know it can't keep up that way...This is the best offer you're going to get."		and in this uncharacteristic moment of competence, Michael says, "I'll see your situation and I'll raise you a situation - YOUR company is losing clients left and right. YOU have a stock-holder meeting coming up, and you're going to have to explain to them, why their most profitable branch is bleeding. So they may be looking for a little change in the CFO. So I don't think I have to wait out Dunder Mifflin... I think I just have to wait out you." Mic drop.		I wish I could just find the scene on youtube, but it's season 5, episode 25. My favorite scene.
You just pay them more.[deleted]
These things actually happen.		Happened to me while I was in college.		I got hired for a job I was unqualified for, and I had to learn on-the-job. The other people I worked with were smarter than I was, not just concerning the job, but in general.		I was promoted and got raises and eventually was their boss, in a way.		Yeah they fucking hated me.Sounds like imposter syndrome. Don't sell yourself short. Being intelligent and self conscious enough to recognize your own flaws, but generous and forgiving to excuse other's is a good thing. Holding yourself to an unachievable standard makes you a continually better person, but that doesn't mean you should discount what you are now or minimize your progress 
I've actually read it's more of a reflection of how people in the US glorify mindless work culture and people in the UK see it as...mindless work culture. 		People in the US think they're gonna make it big and this is just temporary work, so they make it meaningful. People in the UK see it more bleaklyThe thing about that so-called mindless work culture that makes it worth it is the people. I've always been friends with my co-workers and that makes working somewhere more than just a job. I've been to weddings, baby showers, election parties, "no more cancer" parties, death bed, countless long lunches, LAN parties, you name it. If you're going to spend half your day somewhere you might as well make a meaningful connection with the people your spending that time with.		I think the office focused on the interpersonal interactions rather than the work because that's what's actually interesting.
I've actually read it's more of a reflection of how people in the US glorify mindless work culture and people in the UK see it as...mindless work culture. 		People in the US think they're gonna make it big and this is just temporary work, so they make it meaningful. People in the UK see it more bleaklyThe American Dream in a nutshell. Keep working, you'll make it big one day. A lie in the case of most people but it stays relevant enough.
Michael also seems to have that particular reaction to Pam's art because she uses paper, and he had previously spent the day being told that his livelihood was slowly being made redundant by Ryan's business school class. So I feel like there's a lot of pride that she a) used paper, and b) drew the office. Aww, shucks, I'm not even a fan of the Office and all this meaning warmed my heart!!!
Michael also seems to have that particular reaction to Pam's art because she uses paper, and he had previously spent the day being told that his livelihood was slowly being made redundant by Ryan's business school class. So I feel like there's a lot of pride that she a) used paper, and b) drew the office. Wowwwwwww forgot that was the A-plot of the episode. Great point there, that adds such a motivation to there Michael is coming from when he sees Pam's drawings.		Freaking Steve Carrell should have gotten an Emmy. He's such an amazing comedic actor and really brought so much pathos to Michael Scott. I'm rewatching the scene on youtube thinking about what you've said and now I see it in Michael's face. Woosh.
Michael also seems to have that particular reaction to Pam's art because she uses paper, and he had previously spent the day being told that his livelihood was slowly being made redundant by Ryan's business school class. So I feel like there's a lot of pride that she a) used paper, and b) drew the office. Wow I never even thought about that. 
It's pretty much a major theme of season 3, her becoming more assertive. There's a moment where IIRC, at the bar she orders a Diet Coke and a normal coke and gets two normal cokes, and musters up the courage to speak up to the bartender about it. 		And then most obviously there's the Beach Games episode where she does the fire walk and then speaks to Jim about how it's weird they haven't been hanging out, in front of everyone. They weren't cokes, they were beers, and 'Actually, one of these is supposed to be a light' :) I just watched that episode again yesterday lol.
He was a jerk initially but his character evolved as they moved away from the British version. He's a dramatically different character than David Brent. I even think "jerk" is too strong to describe him. "jerk" implies malice and I truly believe that Michael Scott doesn't do things out of malice, just ignorance (except for anything involving Toby, but he's not part of The Office family, and he's divorced so he's not part of his family either).
Hey buddy, please remember this is /r/wholesomememes		But yeah, fuck tobyThe way I see it, /r/wholesomememes is just a community of people who truly love to genuinely show respect and appreciation for one another, and delight in being nice. It's like we're one big happy family.		Toby just isn't really the type to belong in a family. He belongs in a trash compactor.
Penny probably won't advertise herself, but you can actually buy calendars and posters of hers.		https://www.etsy.com/au/shop/PennyRedshawI KNOW WHAT I'M GETTING MY MOM FOR MOTHERS DAY!!!! THANK YOU!!
*DID I STUTTER?*HAVE YOU LOST YOUR DAMN MIND?
I find this scene harder to watch than the Scott's Tots one. Shit, the Scott's tots. THAT was very difficult to watch. 
I find this scene harder to watch than the Scott's Tots one. I cringed so hard just remembering that episode.
Episode 1: The Phantom Packer[deleted]
Episode 1: The Phantom PackerSomeone say Todd Packer? http://wifflegif.com/gifs/116235-john-krasinski-michael-scott-gif
I responded to a similar comment, but basically, the branch is successful because Michael is a good salesman, not manager. He says himself he landed "half the branch's clients" when he starts his own paper company, and he makes a few huge sales of his own as a manager (getting hammer mill as a supplier, the Canadian deal, landing "The Cos" in the pretzel episode).	Surely it's also because he's lucky enough to have Jim and Dwight as salesmen.
But Burlington coat factory...Didnt someone pour blood on it
It's a symptom of one of his character flaws which is a lack of self awareness. It's not that others aren't dealing with selfish thoughts, but he doesn't filter.		Plus he's also kind of an asshole but I think he grows a bit.Immature really 
Yeah, I think Michael was just lucky that he had a really good sales crew.  It is kind of odd that Dwight was the top salesperson since he was so awkward and had such a strange personality, without much charisma or charm. 		The best trait that Michael had as a manager was that he genuinely cared about his employees.  He tried to be respectful and make everyone comfortable and happy. On many occasions he failed, but he genuinely wanted everyone to like him. If his staff had not been sales-oriented and self sufficient, the branch would have failed, but he got lucky and had a good crew. 		Ryan was absolutely terrible, he sucked at sales and was shady and manipulative.  Michael was a very poor judge of character and never picked up on Ryan's flaws. Dwight was driven, Jim had better people skills but where he would eventually blow off working more Dwight would keep going, working weekends and holidays as is mentioned several times. He's also probably the most knowledgeable about the industry so he's got a no nonsense approach that probably works in a world of smoozing.
Mythological clients...like Recyclops?The evolution of Recyclops is perhaps the greatest story told on television.
I always thought he just hated Toby because he took Holly's placeNah, he hated Toby from the beginning 
I always thought he just hated Toby because he took Holly's placeHe hated Toby because he's HR. HR isn't a part of the Scranton "family" per say since HR is just a representative for corporate. Anytime Michael wants to do something fun, Toby has to step in because he's there for corporate, not for Michael. 
I always thought he just hated Toby because he took Holly's placeThere's a brilliant fan theory that he hates Toby because he senses there's somethiing not right about him, and there's something not right about him because [he's the Scranton Strangler.](https://www.reddit.com/r/FanTheories/comments/1ceihg/toby_is_the_true_scranton_strangler_motives/)
I apologize, that was hateful and unnecessary.But understandable. I mean, it is Toby we're talking about here...
I love the closing of that arc, the scene where he is in negotiations with David Wallace.		David is trying to hard ball him into a buy out, saying "I don't know how your prices are so low, but I know it can't keep up that way...This is the best offer you're going to get."		and in this uncharacteristic moment of competence, Michael says, "I'll see your situation and I'll raise you a situation - YOUR company is losing clients left and right. YOU have a stock-holder meeting coming up, and you're going to have to explain to them, why their most profitable branch is bleeding. So they may be looking for a little change in the CFO. So I don't think I have to wait out Dunder Mifflin... I think I just have to wait out you." Mic drop.		I wish I could just find the scene on youtube, but it's season 5, episode 25. My favorite scene.Pam's smile to the camera is great in that scene. She knew Michael could pull it off, and so did we. It's great, because Michael is just a genuinely competent salesman. Like others have said, he just couldn't handle being a boss too well.
Aww, shucks, I'm not even a fan of the Office and all this meaning warmed my heart!!!Yeah American Office is just great.
Wowwwwwww forgot that was the A-plot of the episode. Great point there, that adds such a motivation to there Michael is coming from when he sees Pam's drawings.		Freaking Steve Carrell should have gotten an Emmy. He's such an amazing comedic actor and really brought so much pathos to Michael Scott. I'm rewatching the scene on youtube thinking about what you've said and now I see it in Michael's face. Woosh.Steve Carell never got an Emmy for 'Thr Office'? The guy practically made the show. That's surprising. 
I think he is almost entirely happy that she used paper and is indifferent to the actual art. Kinda ruins that special moment but thats Michael for you.Well she had other drawings displayed but he loved the office picture most. He's a man who pretty much dedicated his life to work seeing as he doesn't really have anyone around outside of the office. I feel like it's a perfect storm of him needing validation for his career choice. 
I even think "jerk" is too strong to describe him. "jerk" implies malice and I truly believe that Michael Scott doesn't do things out of malice, just ignorance (except for anything involving Toby, but he's not part of The Office family, and he's divorced so he's not part of his family either).I'm thinking of the first episode where he makes Pam cry and she calls him a jerk.
I even think "jerk" is too strong to describe him. "jerk" implies malice and I truly believe that Michael Scott doesn't do things out of malice, just ignorance (except for anything involving Toby, but he's not part of The Office family, and he's divorced so he's not part of his family either).I don't know, I think there are definitely some episodes where Michael is malicious, like the Christmas  episode where Phyllis is Santa and the Glee party at Gabe's apartment.  He always realizes what's he's doing and tries to make amends by the end of the episode, but he's definitely a pretty big jerk sometimes
I even think "jerk" is too strong to describe him. "jerk" implies malice and I truly believe that Michael Scott doesn't do things out of malice, just ignorance (except for anything involving Toby, but he's not part of The Office family, and he's divorced so he's not part of his family either).I feel sorry for Toby is seems generally nice and just gets shit on
The way I see it, /r/wholesomememes is just a community of people who truly love to genuinely show respect and appreciation for one another, and delight in being nice. It's like we're one big happy family.		Toby just isn't really the type to belong in a family. He belongs in a trash compactor.Toby is in HR, which technically means he works for corporate, so he's really not a part of our family. Also, he's divorced, so he's really not a part of his family.
The way I see it, /r/wholesomememes is just a community of people who truly love to genuinely show respect and appreciation for one another, and delight in being nice. It's like we're one big happy family.		Toby just isn't really the type to belong in a family. He belongs in a trash compactor.Is it... is it okay that I actually like Toby?
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR DAMN MIND?CUZ ILL HELP YOU FIND IT
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR DAMN MIND?I honestly have no idea what to do with this sub.  I dislike The Office, but appreciate a positive environment.  
Someone say Todd Packer? http://wifflegif.com/gifs/116235-john-krasinski-michael-scott-gifTodd F. Packer  		...  		You know what the F stands for?
Surely it's also because he's lucky enough to have Jim and Dwight as salesmen.That's likely part of it., Which also support OP'S point that the sales skill drives the branches success, compensating for its administration inefficiencies
King of queens. How did Kevin land the hot wife?  For audience ratings.  No need to overthink that one.
Dwight was driven, Jim had better people skills but where he would eventually blow off working more Dwight would keep going, working weekends and holidays as is mentioned several times. He's also probably the most knowledgeable about the industry so he's got a no nonsense approach that probably works in a world of smoozing.Idk there were so many episodes where Jim made it obvious that he was able to finish all his work extremely fast and when there was no longer a commission cap he sold a ton until it came back and he met it so fast that he ended up not doing anything because he didn't earn any commission. 		Also, let's not forget the episodes where Michael really shows what made him qualified to be a manager, such as when he's called in by Dwight and Jim to help secure and client and he nails it right away, and when he goes with Jan to meet a big client and gets them easily.		I think that all the salesmen were extremely knowledgeable and did their jobs, Dwight was just exceptional and went above and beyond. But everyone else did just fine and completed all of their work as well.
He hated Toby because he's HR. HR isn't a part of the Scranton "family" per say since HR is just a representative for corporate. Anytime Michael wants to do something fun, Toby has to step in because he's there for corporate, not for Michael. >He hated Toby because he's HR. HR isn't a part of the Scranton "family". 		Toby's divorced, so he's not really a part of his family either.
He hated Toby because he's HR. HR isn't a part of the Scranton "family" per say since HR is just a representative for corporate. Anytime Michael wants to do something fun, Toby has to step in because he's there for corporate, not for Michael. Which is so weird, because up until David sent Holly away, Michael thought Dunder Mifflin was the greatest place on earth. It couldn't have been simply "I hate Toby cause I hate corporate" cause, well, he didn't hate corporate. 
Yeah American Office is just great.It has some better seasons and some not so good seasons, but I'd recommend the full run because it's generally a great experience watching it beginning-to-end.
Yeah American Office is just great.I'm much more likely to watch UK shows but happened to watch the US Office first and can't really get into the original version.  I'm sure the original is really good but I'm kinda impressed that the remake is good enough to make me not interested in the original!
Steve Carell never got an Emmy for 'Thr Office'? The guy practically made the show. That's surprising. he was nominated six times, so they at least recognized him.   	lost to:  	Tony Shalhoub 	Monk  	Ricky Gervais 	Extras  	Alec Baldwin 	30 Rock (twice)   	Jim Parsons 	The Big Bang Theory  (twice)		The Baldwin wins were reasonable, as was the Gervais one to a degree. They were still gagging for Shalhoub for some reason (this was his third win). The Parson wins... well... [the 2nd win his thought on that works](https://youtu.be/qle-NFyLjpk?t=1m7s)
I'm thinking of the first episode where he makes Pam cry and she calls him a jerk.Well the first episode is basically a shot-for-shot remake of the UK show first episode, so...
Is it... is it okay that I actually like Toby?I think everyone actually loves Toby (he's my favorite) but no one will break character in order to acknowledge that. Or maybe people just hate Toby. Fuck toby
Is it... is it okay that I actually like Toby?ppl are just so deep in The Office meta that they hate Toby bc memes.		I like Toby too fam <3
CUZ ILL HELP YOU FIND ITI read that in Stanley's voice without even thinking twice about it.
I honestly have no idea what to do with this sub.  I dislike The Office, but appreciate a positive environment.  wow I got a reply from /u/THE_OFFICE_BLOWS himself! I dont agree with your opinion on the show but I always love your comments.
Idk there were so many episodes where Jim made it obvious that he was able to finish all his work extremely fast and when there was no longer a commission cap he sold a ton until it came back and he met it so fast that he ended up not doing anything because he didn't earn any commission. 		Also, let's not forget the episodes where Michael really shows what made him qualified to be a manager, such as when he's called in by Dwight and Jim to help secure and client and he nails it right away, and when he goes with Jan to meet a big client and gets them easily.		I think that all the salesmen were extremely knowledgeable and did their jobs, Dwight was just exceptional and went above and beyond. But everyone else did just fine and completed all of their work as well.Jim's problem was complacency:		"The thing about Jim, is when he's excited about something, like the Office Olympics, he gets really into it and he does a really great job. But the problem with Jim is that he works here, so that hardly ever happens" 		And Michael coming in clutch is his "thing", like when he's negotiating with David Wallace at the Michael Scott Paper Company's buyout meeting.
>He hated Toby because he's HR. HR isn't a part of the Scranton "family". 		Toby's divorced, so he's not really a part of his family either.This is one of my favorite lines in the whole series. 
Which is so weird, because up until David sent Holly away, Michael thought Dunder Mifflin was the greatest place on earth. It couldn't have been simply "I hate Toby cause I hate corporate" cause, well, he didn't hate corporate. Exactly. He always tried to foster a good relationship with all his superiors- Jan, Wallace, Ryan, Jo. He just really hates Toby.
Which is so weird, because up until David sent Holly away, Michael thought Dunder Mifflin was the greatest place on earth. It couldn't have been simply "I hate Toby cause I hate corporate" cause, well, he didn't hate corporate. I think he hated corporate, but he saw all the others as true superiors, where as he was able to look down on Toby because he was so meek and isolated. So he channeled his dislike of corporate into the one person he wasn't afraid of upsetting.
It has some better seasons and some not so good seasons, but I'd recommend the full run because it's generally a great experience watching it beginning-to-end.Especially since season 9 was such a great return to form. What a final 4 episodes too, just so good...
It has some better seasons and some not so good seasons, but I'd recommend the full run because it's generally a great experience watching it beginning-to-end.There was never really a BAD season. Once Michael left it took a while to find their footing, and got a little complex, but it ended fantastic
he was nominated six times, so they at least recognized him.   	lost to:  	Tony Shalhoub 	Monk  	Ricky Gervais 	Extras  	Alec Baldwin 	30 Rock (twice)   	Jim Parsons 	The Big Bang Theory  (twice)		The Baldwin wins were reasonable, as was the Gervais one to a degree. They were still gagging for Shalhoub for some reason (this was his third win). The Parson wins... well... [the 2nd win his thought on that works](https://youtu.be/qle-NFyLjpk?t=1m7s)I'm not on the Big Bang theory hate bandwagon but come on.
I read that in Stanley's voice without even thinking twice about it.And it was still terrifying. I think the fact that he's so chill most of the time made that part particularly unsettling.
I read that in Stanley's voice without even thinking twice about it.And it made your life so much better for 10 seconds.
wow I got a reply from /u/THE_OFFICE_BLOWS himself! I dont agree with your opinion on the show but I always love your comments.Thanks!  Most of my episode synopsis have hidden dates or significant numbers in them.  I find them to be a fun game.  Hope you all do as well.
Jim's problem was complacency:		"The thing about Jim, is when he's excited about something, like the Office Olympics, he gets really into it and he does a really great job. But the problem with Jim is that he works here, so that hardly ever happens" 		And Michael coming in clutch is his "thing", like when he's negotiating with David Wallace at the Michael Scott Paper Company's buyout meeting.>And Michael coming in clutch is his "thing"		I think that's because Michael is literally always wingin' it and in way over his head. He doesn't necessarily thrive in it, he's just more accustomed to those situations than anyone else.
Especially since season 9 was such a great return to form. What a final 4 episodes too, just so good...I've watched seasons 1-6 more times than I can count, I've watched it all the way through 5 times total.  The last episodes still make my eyes water man.  I mean damn dude.  It's SOOOO good
Especially since season 9 was such a great return to form. What a final 4 episodes too, just so good...I've never watched the last 10 episodes, and I've watch the series through probably 3 or 4 times. I'd just be too sad that it's over.
There was never really a BAD season. Once Michael left it took a while to find their footing, and got a little complex, but it ended fantasticSeason 8 was bad
I'm not on the Big Bang theory hate bandwagon but come on.I mean, dislike or disregard the show all you want but Jim Parsons does an incredible job as an actor on the show. He's the only reason it's as popular as it is. 
