I love you guys :)Can confirm, we love you :)
I love you guys :)My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..
I love you guys :)<3 i'll be everybody's date this year, and we're gonna have a ton of fun <3
I love you guys :)My gf of 4 years just left me, beat me, then slept with one of my friends this past weekend.  I need you guys right now.		edit: obligatory thanks for the gold stranger.  I love you guys, thank you all for being there for me.  I really, really needed it and you guys showed up for me.  This has always been my favorite sub but I rarely post, now it's miles ahead of any other sub.
I love you guys :)Back at ya :]
I love you guys :)We love you too! Hugs anyone? :)
I love you guys :)Get your ass over here and let me hug you, goddamnit
I love you guys :)Yep. Even though nobody would ever love me romantically, it's nice to know that there are good wholesome people here. 		Edit: thanks for the kind words everyone 
I love you guys :)Don't for a second doubt that there are people who love and care for you, because they're out there! Sometimes they may be hard to find, but that's alright because it's becoming easier and easier everyday! Don't ever give up!
I love you guys :)*virtual hug*
I love you guys :)Also if you DO have a date, you are also loved. :)
I love you guys :)At the age of 21, I'm actually going on my very first date tonight! 		Thank you /r/wholesomememes for making me a happier person.
I love you guys :)I was having a hard time with this this year too! Thanks friend :)
I love you guys :)You ARE my date, r/wholesomemes, will browse you all day and all night.
I love you guys :)We love those who do have dates too!!!
I love you guys :)my bottle of bottom-shelf whiskey is my Valentine's date
I love you guys :)Will you all be my valentine?  :)
I love you guys :)25, never had a valentine's date, never had a relationship. Tough to say what I feel like these days. But, thank you..
I love you guys :)I know. 		And I love you so much I'll make a Star Wars reference for you. 
I love you guys :)Thank you.. :c
I love you guys :)I'm in a relationship but we're not going to celebrate valentine's day because we love each other all year and can do little meaningful gestures all the time instead of just one day a year. 		My point is, if you don't have a significant other, love yourself every day, not just one. If you do have a significant other, do the same thing. You don't need a holiday as an excuse to be awesome to yourself/the people you love. 
I love you guys :)[Word cloud out of all the comments.](http://i.imgur.com/pYDQtlL.png)		I hope you like it
I love you guys :)Awww!  I also love you all!!! 
I love you guys :)Stop bragging about your dates and call your single friend that doesn't get out much
I love you guys :)I had a Valentine up until about two weeks ago, so this did make me feel a little happier. Thanks guyz, hope everyone has a wholesome Valentine's day :)
Can confirm, we love you :)Hijacking top comment to say if this is your first time seeing us I want you personally to know that we aren't joking. Come here and we will accept you with open arms. Be sure to check out the other wholesome subreddits that are popping up. 		A lot of people, myself included, ~~think~~ thought that this is a joke subreddit or everyone is being sarcastic. We (for the most part) are completely genuine. You can enjoy everyone's love, and the only price is don't be mean. Just be nice and try to live everyone else
Can confirm, we love you :)Oh ya, when's my birthday!?
Can confirm, we love you :)And you loves we!
Can confirm, we love you :)Can I be loved, even if I *do* have a date this Valentine's day? 
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..I'm sorry mate. Still attempting to deal with mine. If you want to talk, just hmu :)
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..My ex called me at 230am and kept me on the phone the until 7am! 7. A. M. W. T. F. And she pretty much just said she was moving on and that she was going to start dating again. We will survive!
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..I'm so sorry :( you're a good person and I care about your wellbeing. It'll be ok.
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..I'm in a weird position too. I broke up with my girl last night but it's been a terrible few weeks with arguing and bad behavior towards each other. I feel so empty and alone.
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..Step 1: Return gift			Step 2: Google "Anti-Valentine's Day parties" in your area, lots of clubs do this			Step 3: Use gift money to buy ticket/cover charge/alcohol			Step 4: Talk to the first girl you're attracted to in the club, if rejected proceed to the next, repeat as needed			Step 5: I think there's a rule against posting sexual content on this sub but you get the idea.			Good luck!
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..At least she didn't wait until Valentine's day so she gets a present then leaves you.		An ex of my friend did this to him. He was pissed.
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..I don't know if this will help, but I think of Valentine's Day as a negative holiday, regardless of whether I'm in a relationship or not, because of its tendency to make so many people feel left out and shitty. Good holidays can be celebrated by everybody. 		So this is only the second V-Day in over 20 years that I will be single for, so most of my life I've had someone I could have done V-Day things with. But I kept noticing how many people were sad on Valentine's Day because they had to spend it alone. And just now, seeing the comments here, there are a lot of people who Valentines Day just makes sad. And that makes me angry at it (yes, at the holiday, which isn't really logical) for being so exclusionary. It's such a mean, crappy holiday. 		Anyway, once I started feeling this way about it, I never wanted to celebrate it because I kept thinking about people who were feeling bad because of it and that took all the fun out of it. 		I don't mean to begrudge anyone their holiday celebration at all. Just trying to offer a perspective that might help someone who is feeling down about tomorrow to not feel so bad. 		Maybe we should celebrate Valentine's Day like elementary school kids. Everyone in the class gives out little paper cards to everyone else and if you're gonna give out cards, you have to give one to everyone.		TL: DR; In the anthropomorphic family of holidays, Valentine's Day is that mean jerk uncle who makes fun of little kids and makes them cry. 
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..I got dumped three days before Christmas. It's okay pal, time will heal you. For now just enjoy what blessings you have, and another girl will come along soon. You got this. :)
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..Same club, got the boot on Thursday.. Here for you creeperhat. I was gonna take her to Mexico in a few weeks. Just when I thought I was capable of feeling love again, she turns around and says she never developed feelings and she was tired of waiting for it to happen. 
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..Don't worry man, just be thankful you aren't in /r/incels right now.
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..I feel that, man. My girlfriend and I are probably gonna break up soon. Hope you're alright. 
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..Return everything you got her and treat yourself instead. Time heals all wounds, a better girl will come around :)
My girlfriend just broke up with me last night.. Right before Valentines Day..That sucks a lot. A break up sucks any time but it definitely stings extra. If you would be comfortable with that and think it might cheer you up a bit, I will send you a postcard if you like :) I have a bunch of stamps for sending things across the world so doesnt matter where you live. Send me a message if you want a card :) 		
<3 i'll be everybody's date this year, and we're gonna have a ton of fun <3Woho! Can't wait for tomorrow.
<3 i'll be everybody's date this year, and we're gonna have a ton of fun <3Brilliant. I'll bring my cat and some cookies. 
My gf of 4 years just left me, beat me, then slept with one of my friends this past weekend.  I need you guys right now.		edit: obligatory thanks for the gold stranger.  I love you guys, thank you all for being there for me.  I really, really needed it and you guys showed up for me.  This has always been my favorite sub but I rarely post, now it's miles ahead of any other sub.Just know you are the only thing that can take you down. I just went through a similar situation. Nothing your gf does is because she hates/loves you. It is all something that she is going through herself. My advice would be to remove yourself from that communication, and know that it's for the better. Through your relationship you've found that you're capable of loving someone- and it'll happen again! Just focus on bringing something to the table for the next one;-) 			I apologize for the possible projection.		Much love
My gf of 4 years just left me, beat me, then slept with one of my friends this past weekend.  I need you guys right now.		edit: obligatory thanks for the gold stranger.  I love you guys, thank you all for being there for me.  I really, really needed it and you guys showed up for me.  This has always been my favorite sub but I rarely post, now it's miles ahead of any other sub.Sorry, dude. You don't deserve that. You'll find someone better, believe you me. 
My gf of 4 years just left me, beat me, then slept with one of my friends this past weekend.  I need you guys right now.		edit: obligatory thanks for the gold stranger.  I love you guys, thank you all for being there for me.  I really, really needed it and you guys showed up for me.  This has always been my favorite sub but I rarely post, now it's miles ahead of any other sub.I'm so sorry, I hope you will move past that quickly. 		I don't really have any useful experiences to help you with, but I do have a funny cat picture that might make you smile a little bit: 	[thirsty cat](http://imgur.com/j7E0SRP.jpg)		Be you, remember that it's okay to cry and that it's useful to talk about it (but also okay to wrap yourself in blankets and pretend you are a burrito). <3
We love you too! Hugs anyone? :)I can't hug.
Get your ass over here and let me hug you, goddamnitI want one too! :)
Yep. Even though nobody would ever love me romantically, it's nice to know that there are good wholesome people here. 		Edit: thanks for the kind words everyone Never say never, my friend.
Yep. Even though nobody would ever love me romantically, it's nice to know that there are good wholesome people here. 		Edit: thanks for the kind words everyone I bet you're wrong. Like, I would seriously bet money on that!
Yep. Even though nobody would ever love me romantically, it's nice to know that there are good wholesome people here. 		Edit: thanks for the kind words everyone You are one of those good, wholesome people! Lemme tell you, I am (I've been told) a conventionally attractive female. I have a lot going for me and last night I was having a little bit of a cry/pity party because I had a feeling I would never find another relationship or someone to love me. I kept focusing on everything that's wrong with me. I'm telling you this to let you know that EVERYONE feels like you do at some point. Just remember that there is someone out there for you. Someone is currently searching for your exact brand of being. It's only a matter of time before you find them. So, while you're waiting, do things you enjoy. Cultivate hobbies. Someone is bound to see you doing what you love and want to get in on the action with you. 
Yep. Even though nobody would ever love me romantically, it's nice to know that there are good wholesome people here. 		Edit: thanks for the kind words everyone I'm sure you'll find someone. Just have to wait! we believe in you!! 
Yep. Even though nobody would ever love me romantically, it's nice to know that there are good wholesome people here. 		Edit: thanks for the kind words everyone I'll love you!
Also if you DO have a date, you are also loved. :)This is going to be my first ever Valentine's Day where I'm not single!! I love you guys too :)
At the age of 21, I'm actually going on my very first date tonight! 		Thank you /r/wholesomememes for making me a happier person.Enjoy your date, friend, I'm excited for you!
my bottle of bottom-shelf whiskey is my Valentine's dateThat sounds like a night! Make sure to keep hydrated to avoid hangovers!!
my bottle of bottom-shelf whiskey is my Valentine's dateMe too!  Let's drink together!
Will you all be my valentine?  :)Absolutely!
Hijacking top comment to say if this is your first time seeing us I want you personally to know that we aren't joking. Come here and we will accept you with open arms. Be sure to check out the other wholesome subreddits that are popping up. 		A lot of people, myself included, ~~think~~ thought that this is a joke subreddit or everyone is being sarcastic. We (for the most part) are completely genuine. You can enjoy everyone's love, and the only price is don't be mean. Just be nice and try to live everyone elseYou might give the wrong impression with the second part of this post unless you change think -> thought. :)
Hijacking top comment to say if this is your first time seeing us I want you personally to know that we aren't joking. Come here and we will accept you with open arms. Be sure to check out the other wholesome subreddits that are popping up. 		A lot of people, myself included, ~~think~~ thought that this is a joke subreddit or everyone is being sarcastic. We (for the most part) are completely genuine. You can enjoy everyone's love, and the only price is don't be mean. Just be nice and try to live everyone elseWell said! Just browsing r/wholesomememes does wonders for my mood. I love hanging out with y'all!  
Hijacking top comment to say if this is your first time seeing us I want you personally to know that we aren't joking. Come here and we will accept you with open arms. Be sure to check out the other wholesome subreddits that are popping up. 		A lot of people, myself included, ~~think~~ thought that this is a joke subreddit or everyone is being sarcastic. We (for the most part) are completely genuine. You can enjoy everyone's love, and the only price is don't be mean. Just be nice and try to live everyone elseOooh.  What are some of these other wholesome subreddits?  (EDIT: Sorry, friend, just found the list of links!)
Hijacking top comment to say if this is your first time seeing us I want you personally to know that we aren't joking. Come here and we will accept you with open arms. Be sure to check out the other wholesome subreddits that are popping up. 		A lot of people, myself included, ~~think~~ thought that this is a joke subreddit or everyone is being sarcastic. We (for the most part) are completely genuine. You can enjoy everyone's love, and the only price is don't be mean. Just be nice and try to live everyone elseI can totally get behind this trend of wholesome subs popping up. We need more positive things in this world 
Hijacking top comment to say if this is your first time seeing us I want you personally to know that we aren't joking. Come here and we will accept you with open arms. Be sure to check out the other wholesome subreddits that are popping up. 		A lot of people, myself included, ~~think~~ thought that this is a joke subreddit or everyone is being sarcastic. We (for the most part) are completely genuine. You can enjoy everyone's love, and the only price is don't be mean. Just be nice and try to live everyone elseThis is my favorite corner of the Internet!
Hijacking top comment to say if this is your first time seeing us I want you personally to know that we aren't joking. Come here and we will accept you with open arms. Be sure to check out the other wholesome subreddits that are popping up. 		A lot of people, myself included, ~~think~~ thought that this is a joke subreddit or everyone is being sarcastic. We (for the most part) are completely genuine. You can enjoy everyone's love, and the only price is don't be mean. Just be nice and try to live everyone elseNice to know there are still great people in the world, even when it's easier to remember the ones who aren't. 
Oh ya, when's my birthday!?Septober 34th? :)
Oh ya, when's my birthday!?February 30!
I'm sorry mate. Still attempting to deal with mine. If you want to talk, just hmu :)thanks man
My ex called me at 230am and kept me on the phone the until 7am! 7. A. M. W. T. F. And she pretty much just said she was moving on and that she was going to start dating again. We will survive!I know it might hurt right now but this is the best possible outcome. Obviously it wasn't working between you two (for whatever reason) and if you both stuck with it you would have been unhappy. The heartache would have only been worse. 		As hard as it is you have to get in the mindset of thinking 'I wish you the best, I hope you're happy' so you can, for the most part, get her out of your head and focus on yourself. It's normal to remember the good moments but don't dwell on them. When you're ready to get back out there I promise you there is a beautiful lady just waiting for you to strike up a conversation and maybe start something new. If you strike out a few times don't give up. As long as you don't give up you will eventually meet someone who makes you feel like the best you possible and vise versa. 		I wish you the best my dude! I'm rooting for you!! 
I'm so sorry :( you're a good person and I care about your wellbeing. It'll be ok.thank you <3
I'm so sorry :( you're a good person and I care about your wellbeing. It'll be ok.I've never seen such positivity on Reddit. Is this wholesomeness a meme in itself?
I'm so sorry :( you're a good person and I care about your wellbeing. It'll be ok.shh bby is okay.
I'm in a weird position too. I broke up with my girl last night but it's been a terrible few weeks with arguing and bad behavior towards each other. I feel so empty and alone.Empty and alone is the feeling you get when you end something, it's that brief moment when you let all the bad go out of your body and it is now easy for you to fill it back up with happiness. 		Edit: grammar
I'm in a weird position too. I broke up with my girl last night but it's been a terrible few weeks with arguing and bad behavior towards each other. I feel so empty and alone.You're not alone. I just sent a hug through my screen to you, hope you got it! If not let me know and I'll send another one, hugs sometimes get lost but that's cool :)
Step 1: Return gift			Step 2: Google "Anti-Valentine's Day parties" in your area, lots of clubs do this			Step 3: Use gift money to buy ticket/cover charge/alcohol			Step 4: Talk to the first girl you're attracted to in the club, if rejected proceed to the next, repeat as needed			Step 5: I think there's a rule against posting sexual content on this sub but you get the idea.			Good luck!If anyone is near Seattle and in need of a valentine, check out the Seattle Aquarium at noon tomorrow!		They are sending their two octopi on a blind date. I don't have a valentine but imma go to that because it sounds f'ning adorable. I wonder if they'll hold all eight of their little octopussy hands :') 
Don't worry man, just be thankful you aren't in /r/incels right now.That place is the opposite of wholesome, yeah I've not gotten laid in years and I wish I was getting but yeesh, human rights are a thing for a reason!
Brilliant. I'll bring my cat and some cookies. Will there be cuddles?
Just know you are the only thing that can take you down. I just went through a similar situation. Nothing your gf does is because she hates/loves you. It is all something that she is going through herself. My advice would be to remove yourself from that communication, and know that it's for the better. Through your relationship you've found that you're capable of loving someone- and it'll happen again! Just focus on bringing something to the table for the next one;-) 			I apologize for the possible projection.		Much lovethank you.  She isn't considering anyone but herself right now, maybe that's what she needs, but it hurts so much that she has to express it painful ways to me.  She's picking up the rest of her crap on Wednesday (I won't be there) and then I plan on deleting her number.  She's only moving a few blocks and we have the same friend group so it'll be hard but I'm already feeling better than yesterday.  Panic attacks that last 6 hours aren't very fun
Sorry, dude. You don't deserve that. You'll find someone better, believe you me. Thanks.  I just want to be ok on my own at this point.  Surprised I could be such a bad judge of character after 4 years.
I can't hug.Mental hugs! Virtual hugs! ALL THE HUGS!
I can't hug.Broken arms?
I want one too! :)Me three!! :)
You might give the wrong impression with the second part of this post unless you change think -> thought. :)Thanks friendo I got it now :)
Well said! Just browsing r/wholesomememes does wonders for my mood. I love hanging out with y'all!  If I can plug, I recently started participating in r/counting and it's wonderful. There's a good sense of community, even as a small-ish sub.		I've been joining more and more wholes-homes lately
Septober 34th? :)Not Smarch? Stupid Smarch weather. 
February 30!r/unexpectedfactorial
thanks manI'm making progress but I'm right here with this guy. Feel free to PM me the situation and I'll listen and maybe throw you some advice if you want to hear it. These things are incredibly tough to go through and I want you to know you're not alone.		Everything is as it should be in the world, whether it feels like it or not. :)
I know it might hurt right now but this is the best possible outcome. Obviously it wasn't working between you two (for whatever reason) and if you both stuck with it you would have been unhappy. The heartache would have only been worse. 		As hard as it is you have to get in the mindset of thinking 'I wish you the best, I hope you're happy' so you can, for the most part, get her out of your head and focus on yourself. It's normal to remember the good moments but don't dwell on them. When you're ready to get back out there I promise you there is a beautiful lady just waiting for you to strike up a conversation and maybe start something new. If you strike out a few times don't give up. As long as you don't give up you will eventually meet someone who makes you feel like the best you possible and vise versa. 		I wish you the best my dude! I'm rooting for you!! Thanks man! Ill come back read this when it gets hard! I wont give up!
I've never seen such positivity on Reddit. Is this wholesomeness a meme in itself?No friendo. This isn't sarcasm. This sub's main goal is to spread positivity. If you find yourself sad after a long day, have an argument with a loved one, then pop on over to r/wholesomememes and you are guaranteed to smile.
Empty and alone is the feeling you get when you end something, it's that brief moment when you let all the bad go out of your body and it is now easy for you to fill it back up with happiness. 		Edit: grammarI really like this. Thank you. 
Empty and alone is the feeling you get when you end something, it's that brief moment when you let all the bad go out of your body and it is now easy for you to fill it back up with happiness. 		Edit: grammarMy gf just ended it with me too, I'm standing in line at CVS getting a refill on my medication and you have me on the brink of tears.		Thank you.
Empty and alone is the feeling you get when you end something, it's that brief moment when you let all the bad go out of your body and it is now easy for you to fill it back up with happiness. 		Edit: grammarIt's been 4 months of empty and alone for me :(
Will there be cuddles?You betcha! :)		http://imgur.com/hh6FFRL
Will there be cuddles?There sure will! 
Thanks.  I just want to be ok on my own at this point.  Surprised I could be such a bad judge of character after 4 years.[deleted]
Mental hugs! Virtual hugs! ALL THE HUGS!*Vigorously hugs computer screen, might look silly but doesn't care because all of this sub deserves an unending shower of love.*
Broken arms?EVERY THREAD DAMMIT
Me three!! :)Me four! Hugs all around! 
If I can plug, I recently started participating in r/counting and it's wonderful. There's a good sense of community, even as a small-ish sub.		I've been joining more and more wholes-homes latelyGreat sub! I wish you all the counters in the world, good luck to you
I'm making progress but I'm right here with this guy. Feel free to PM me the situation and I'll listen and maybe throw you some advice if you want to hear it. These things are incredibly tough to go through and I want you to know you're not alone.		Everything is as it should be in the world, whether it feels like it or not. :)And you too if you need it! Had some misfortunes with my fiance and we broke up just before Christmas, but good times come. :) If you want to talk or rant or anything, just a PM away - that goes for everyone.
It's been 4 months of empty and alone for me :(That's alright. People heal at different speeds. It won't be forever. You're going to find some thing or someone who's going to shine like the sun to your eyes. It could be a hobby, it could be a best friend, it could be a new sweetheart. Once you find it you'll feel more fulfilled than you ever had before, and even if it passes that light will always be a part of you, all the people who have made you feel that way are, even if it's hard to see right now.		The important part is to never stop looking.
You betcha! :)		http://imgur.com/hh6FFRL/u/MadApple_ bringing *all* the fluff!		What an adorable kitty!
*Vigorously hugs computer screen, might look silly but doesn't care because all of this sub deserves an unending shower of love.*There needs to be an official wholesomememes plush that everyone can hug, and it counts as hugging someone on here!
That's alright. People heal at different speeds. It won't be forever. You're going to find some thing or someone who's going to shine like the sun to your eyes. It could be a hobby, it could be a best friend, it could be a new sweetheart. Once you find it you'll feel more fulfilled than you ever had before, and even if it passes that light will always be a part of you, all the people who have made you feel that way are, even if it's hard to see right now.		The important part is to never stop looking.Yes! This! So much this! Don't give up, it's worth it to keep looking. I'm single and was sad for a reeeeallly long time until I discovered a new hobby I love, an old hobby I had neglected and realized I'm pretty awesome all by myself. Now if a love interest comes along, I think I will be much more emotionally stable and able to love better, but if it doesn't, I'm not sweating it cause I'm happy with me. 
There needs to be an official wholesomememes plush that everyone can hug, and it counts as hugging someone on here!Shut up* and take my money!		*please don't shut up, I just wanted to quote the meme accurately :)
