wholesome people at the skate parkOh I remember this! The kid was older (I think 17-20) and he actually worked as a skate instructor!!
wholesome people at the skate parkI love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.
wholesome people at the skate parkDon't judge people by their looks. Scary looking teens can be mentors too! 
wholesome people at the skate parkThis post makes me feel so good about all my fellow humans. I love you all. 
wholesome people at the skate parkGosh I need this subreddit
wholesome people at the skate parkI hate how the skateboarding community is seen as some network of no-good teens who don't care for anyone but themselves.		The truth is, almost all skaters are like the one in this post. They're willing to help all the time, when I was learning I had NUMEROUS people come up to me offering me help learning tricks and getting my form down.		The few bad apples are a minority, just like any other community. But sadly they stand out from the good ones. Most of us are just here for a good time with friends, doing an activity we think is super fun. We've all been beginners before, so we help other beginners so we can all be on the same level. Reason being it creates more people to play a game of Skate with lol
wholesome people at the skate parki am not cry. you are cry.
wholesome people at the skate parkI've seen this picture being posted so many times now, and every time I see it I'm like, heck yesh! This is how shit is supposed to be		Best part about it is how the woman actknowledges how she's wrong 
wholesome people at the skate parkThe wholesomeness warms my heart <3
wholesome people at the skate parkThis subreddit has started to make me realize that, in spite of what my lifelong depression likes to tell me, I might actually be a good person and not a horrible negative influence on everyone I interact with. Like... This story is exactly the kind of thing that I love to do. Go out of my way to help people.		I tend to think about these kinds of things in a way that is both highly uncharitable to myself (mainly that I'm subconsciously doing it for appearances or to assuage a subconscious guilt for being awful) and at the same time self-centered.		I can easily put myself in others' shoes when I feel I may have wronged them, but it's so difficult for me to see it from the perspective of the author of this story.		I feel like I'm just bragging, so I probably shouldn't even post this... But maybe someone else struggling with these kinds of thoughts will find this useful. That seems worth the shame of knowingly bragging.		PS: If you want to talk (about anything), feel free to PM me. I love people, getting to know them, and most of all helping them. I'm always down for new friendos! <3
wholesome people at the skate parkThis post is criminally underrated
wholesome people at the skate parkWell, now I go into this job interview with tears in my eyes. 		Edit: since you are all so supportive, I got the job! It's a non-profit organization where I'd be helping those with mental disabilities get to and from work, and help them with their jobs! 		Also, since it's a nonprofit, my federal student loans are forgiven after 10 years! 
wholesome people at the skate parkAs someone who just started "skating" (going from point A to point B on a $30 Penny board), I can verify that the skating community is very nice. It gets too much of a bad rap in media, ect. 		Ex: I was skating a bit and was about to pass someone else who was carrying a board while talking to his friend. He saw me and put his fist out as I rode past. I met his fist-bump and kept going.		I don't know who you are random fist-bump person, but that actually made my day.
wholesome people at the skate parkIf there was a wholesome meme of the month, this would wipe the floor. Friggin' crying over here.
wholesome people at the skate parkWow. This actually made me kind of emotional
wholesome people at the skate parkMade me smile;) 
wholesome people at the skate parkMan, I'm really happy I got to start my day reading this. 
wholesome people at the skate parkHere is a link to the original story, I wanted to know more so I looked it up. 		https://www.google.ca/amp/www.cbc.ca/amp/1.3282817?client=safari		
wholesome people at the skate parkI used to be the little kid at the skate park (a good 10 years back) and all I remember is that the ppl there were, despite being in trouble w/ the law and using drugs, the nicest ppl I had met.	The main thing that's stuck w/ me all this time is that, just cos someone could be addicted drugs, in trouble w/ the law or homeless, anyone can be an incredibly sincere, kind person.
wholesome people at the skate parkReminds me of the Braille skate guys https://m.youtube.com/user/sprocker7 there is kids in most of their videos. Thinking back, my local skate park was a bunch of kids from 8-17 with some adults hanging out with their younger siblings/ friends whatever'. Always felt welcome there even with the age gap.
wholesome people at the skate parkMan I hate when it starts raining indoors. My fat cheeks keep getting wet. 
wholesome people at the skate parkThat teenager's name? Albert Einstein. 
Oh I remember this! The kid was older (I think 17-20) and he actually worked as a skate instructor!!I don't know if this makes it more or less wholesome. I would like to think that it was just some teenager who had to do something out of the norm to help this little girl. But at the same time I'm glad that he is an instructor and knows how to best help the girl grow
Oh I remember this! The kid was older (I think 17-20) and he actually worked as a skate instructor!!This happened in my area 
Oh I remember this! The kid was older (I think 17-20) and he actually worked as a skate instructor!!Do you have a source? This was the cutest thing ever.
Oh I remember this! The kid was older (I think 17-20) and he actually worked as a skate instructor!!Thanks for sharing! I didn't believe the post at all because "what fifteen year old boy wears khakis to a skate park?" and thought it was fake. Even though the details are different it's still wholesome :)
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.It's amazing the difference one person can make :)
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.Makes me miss my high school skating days. We had a really great skate community back in my hometown those days
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.This is so punk rock.		Like actually punk.
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.Skaters were pretty cool with everyone that I remember. It's weird cause they messed with people too but wasn't ever anything violent. Just weird shit like chewing crackers and pretending to vomit near you. 
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.I love the skateboarders in my area. I am an amateur photographer and I suck at action shots. When I go to the park and tell them I need practice taking pictures they are always willing and will make an  effort to help me get the shot. 		I go to my friend's son's soccer game I need to explain who I am and what I am doing there.		Edit: changed for clarity
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.The only part of this that doesn't fly is his friends "making fun of him."  I can't imagine any skaters at a park being negative about a friend helping a kid out.
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.And with this I can put down my phone and get started with my day having faith humanity is not completely gone. Nowadays I wonder. 
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.Skate community can be one of the most wholesome places 
I love this, as a part of the skateboarding community, this is a *very* wholesome meme.I'm not crying!  Who says I'm crying?!  YOU'RE crying!... I just got something in both my eyes is all...
Don't judge people by their looks. Scary looking teens can be mentors too! Can confirm, am scary looking teen. 
Don't judge people by their looks. Scary looking teens can be mentors too! It's like how a lot of biker clubs are full of nice people that just happen to like motorcycles.
Don't judge people by their looks. Scary looking teens can be mentors too! Can confirm, metal head
This post makes me feel so good about all my fellow humans. I love you all. We love you too 
This post makes me feel so good about all my fellow humans. I love you all. Group hug!
Gosh I need this subredditIt's a really great place to visit if you need a pick me up.
Gosh I need this subredditCome again anytime :)
Gosh I need this subredditAmen
Gosh I need this subredditAnd we need *you*!
I hate how the skateboarding community is seen as some network of no-good teens who don't care for anyone but themselves.		The truth is, almost all skaters are like the one in this post. They're willing to help all the time, when I was learning I had NUMEROUS people come up to me offering me help learning tricks and getting my form down.		The few bad apples are a minority, just like any other community. But sadly they stand out from the good ones. Most of us are just here for a good time with friends, doing an activity we think is super fun. We've all been beginners before, so we help other beginners so we can all be on the same level. Reason being it creates more people to play a game of Skate with lolI always loved skate culture, but was never good at skateboarding so I gave it up (never had those supportive people around where I was when I was ~10). As a 23 year old, how hard would it be to get to a functional skating level? 		I've only been thinking about it recently cause I've been playing skate 3 daily since it became backwards compatible 
I hate how the skateboarding community is seen as some network of no-good teens who don't care for anyone but themselves.		The truth is, almost all skaters are like the one in this post. They're willing to help all the time, when I was learning I had NUMEROUS people come up to me offering me help learning tricks and getting my form down.		The few bad apples are a minority, just like any other community. But sadly they stand out from the good ones. Most of us are just here for a good time with friends, doing an activity we think is super fun. We've all been beginners before, so we help other beginners so we can all be on the same level. Reason being it creates more people to play a game of Skate with lolThat's why I love skateboarding. I can be just as excited to see a 10 year old land their first kickflip cause we can all remember how it felt. Me being able to do harder tricks does nothing to negate your sense of accomplishment of learning a new trick, and vice versa. We've all been that little girl in the past, and we all look to pay it forward (most of us anyways)
I hate how the skateboarding community is seen as some network of no-good teens who don't care for anyone but themselves.		The truth is, almost all skaters are like the one in this post. They're willing to help all the time, when I was learning I had NUMEROUS people come up to me offering me help learning tricks and getting my form down.		The few bad apples are a minority, just like any other community. But sadly they stand out from the good ones. Most of us are just here for a good time with friends, doing an activity we think is super fun. We've all been beginners before, so we help other beginners so we can all be on the same level. Reason being it creates more people to play a game of Skate with lolI recently heard of [skateistan](https://skateistan.org) and I think it is wonderful. It is an organization that works in Afghanistan, Cambodia and South Africa and teaches kids how to skate. It focus especially on girls, apparently [40% of their students are girls](https://skateistan.org/content/our-story). Such a wonderful little thing.
i am not cry. you are cry.oh good, it's not just me
i am not cry. you are cry.No, I just have something in both of my eyes
I've seen this picture being posted so many times now, and every time I see it I'm like, heck yesh! This is how shit is supposed to be		Best part about it is how the woman actknowledges how she's wrong Oh I thought it was a dad. 
This subreddit has started to make me realize that, in spite of what my lifelong depression likes to tell me, I might actually be a good person and not a horrible negative influence on everyone I interact with. Like... This story is exactly the kind of thing that I love to do. Go out of my way to help people.		I tend to think about these kinds of things in a way that is both highly uncharitable to myself (mainly that I'm subconsciously doing it for appearances or to assuage a subconscious guilt for being awful) and at the same time self-centered.		I can easily put myself in others' shoes when I feel I may have wronged them, but it's so difficult for me to see it from the perspective of the author of this story.		I feel like I'm just bragging, so I probably shouldn't even post this... But maybe someone else struggling with these kinds of thoughts will find this useful. That seems worth the shame of knowingly bragging.		PS: If you want to talk (about anything), feel free to PM me. I love people, getting to know them, and most of all helping them. I'm always down for new friendos! <3Man, you've been a positive influence on me today. 		I'm a single father of two young girls and lately, I've been worried about the world I'm giving to them. Posts like yours remind me that things can and will get better because of good people like you and me.		So thanks.
This post is criminally underratedNot if I have anything to say about it!		*upvotes*		EDIT: 500+ Upvotes in 25 minutes! We're doing it!
Well, now I go into this job interview with tears in my eyes. 		Edit: since you are all so supportive, I got the job! It's a non-profit organization where I'd be helping those with mental disabilities get to and from work, and help them with their jobs! 		Also, since it's a nonprofit, my federal student loans are forgiven after 10 years! Good luck for your job interview! I hope it's something you'll enjoy to do!
Here is a link to the original story, I wanted to know more so I looked it up. 		https://www.google.ca/amp/www.cbc.ca/amp/1.3282817?client=safari		I'd stay away from the comments section, though. Not nearly as wholesome.
Wow, Men are great mentors.They definitely can be :)
I don't know if this makes it more or less wholesome. I would like to think that it was just some teenager who had to do something out of the norm to help this little girl. But at the same time I'm glad that he is an instructor and knows how to best help the girl growMore wholesome. As an instructor, he didn't try to charge for his time or convince her to take lessons with him - he just wanted to help. 
I don't know if this makes it more or less wholesome. I would like to think that it was just some teenager who had to do something out of the norm to help this little girl. But at the same time I'm glad that he is an instructor and knows how to best help the girl growMore! He could have said "I'm an instructor. I charge $X for lessons" instead of providing the help for free.
I don't know if this makes it more or less wholesome. I would like to think that it was just some teenager who had to do something out of the norm to help this little girl. But at the same time I'm glad that he is an instructor and knows how to best help the girl growWell, becoming an instructor, that is using your skills to help train and teach others, is wholesome in itself. Lets all take a moment to appreciate our teachers that actually try!
I don't know if this makes it more or less wholesome. I would like to think that it was just some teenager who had to do something out of the norm to help this little girl. But at the same time I'm glad that he is an instructor and knows how to best help the girl growSaw this a lot when bmxing. Even the biggest scallys would be lovely to kids - think they are mostly just keen to grow the sport and remember what it was like at first. The only exception is when they put themselves/other users at danger but only ever saw arguments with the parents in that regard. 
I don't know if this makes it more or less wholesome. I would like to think that it was just some teenager who had to do something out of the norm to help this little girl. But at the same time I'm glad that he is an instructor and knows how to best help the girl growThe impact is the same. He looked just like all of the other "older boys" but he made her feel safe and welcome so she's no longer afraid to go to the skate park. 
Do you have a source? This was the cutest thing ever.>It turns out that the teenage boy is actually a 20-year-old avid skateboarder and coach, Ryan Carney, who played down his good deed and just did what felt natural, according to the Cambridge Times.		[Source](http://www.today.com/kindness/teenage-boy-skate-park-moms-letter-goes-viral-t51816)
Do you have a source? This was the cutest thing ever.This happened in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada. Here is the link https://www.google.ca/amp/www.cbc.ca/amp/1.3282817 
Do you have a source? This was the cutest thing ever.Not so much a source but the little girl is my neice so can confirm 
Thanks for sharing! I didn't believe the post at all because "what fifteen year old boy wears khakis to a skate park?" and thought it was fake. Even though the details are different it's still wholesome :)Khakis are pretty popular with skaters. 
It's amazing the difference one person can make :)And a reminder that even small, seemingly inconsequential, actions can have a profound impact.
Makes me miss my high school skating days. We had a really great skate community back in my hometown those daysYeah... The only ones we were really dicks to were the BMX kids in the skatepark. 
Makes me miss my high school skating days. We had a really great skate community back in my hometown those daysthe bands we used to hate-the spots we used to skate-they're still there-but we've-gone our own ways-I know it's for the best-but sometimes wonder if I'll ever-have friends like you again 	
This is so punk rock.		Like actually punk.Why do people say this.
I love the skateboarders in my area. I am an amateur photographer and I suck at action shots. When I go to the park and tell them I need practice taking pictures they are always willing and will make an  effort to help me get the shot. 		I go to my friend's son's soccer game I need to explain who I am and what I am doing there.		Edit: changed for clarityCameras are ingrained in the skateboard community and generally the kids are by themselves. Soccer parents are usually always with their kids and aren't used to cameras being present. As a former skate boarder I'd have been stoked if someone wanted to take cool pictures of me unsuccessfully attempting a 360 flip. I could nollie like nobodies business though. 
The only part of this that doesn't fly is his friends "making fun of him."  I can't imagine any skaters at a park being negative about a friend helping a kid out.I would assume his friends were play-making fun of him, and the mom interpreted it as the real thing.
And with this I can put down my phone and get started with my day having faith humanity is not completely gone. Nowadays I wonder. It used to be the internet would sap my faith in humanity over weeks, and I would need to get it restored every month or so.		Now, this subreddit is like constant maintenance for the soul.
Skate community can be one of the most wholesome places The local skatepark helped me plenty when i was in high schook. If i couldnt find a plug, i always could rely on someone from the park to hook a couple Gs of mid. It was nice
Can confirm, am scary looking teen. Can you mentor me then?
It's a really great place to visit if you need a pick me up.Whenever I feel too much weight on my shoulders or just need an emotional pick-me-up this is the first place I come (assuming I'm not around my wife or kids).
I always loved skate culture, but was never good at skateboarding so I gave it up (never had those supportive people around where I was when I was ~10). As a 23 year old, how hard would it be to get to a functional skating level? 		I've only been thinking about it recently cause I've been playing skate 3 daily since it became backwards compatible Don't even trip bro, you can start skating at any age. It would probably take a good month to become fully comfortable riding your board. You're definitely gonna want to get the basics like kickturn and stopping down. Get used to picking up your board by slapping the tail down because this will prep you for your ollies (I'm assuming you haven't learned them yet).		Another month to learn how to ollie. There's a million how-to videos, so you got this  But a personal tip from me would be to think of it like a normal jump, except instead of jumping with both feet, you're jumping off one foot and the other follows shortly after. Like a teeter-totter motion. The important part is slapping that tail down fast, not hard. This takes a lot of ankle power. A lot of people will tell you to focus on sliding your front foot up the board, but if you're learning the ollie don't do that... It will just confuse and frustrate you. The main focus should be slapping that tail down as fast and as hard as you can to lift the board off the ground, and if you just do that teeter-totter motion like I mentioned, your front foot will naturally slide up. After you feel like you've got a solid foundation, THEN you can start focusing on sliding your front foot and boning your ollies. It'll be much easier this way. Just remember, it's just a normal jump, but on a skateboard (and you're popping that tail down fast).		Another month to learn how to ollie over things. Once you feel super confident with your ollies while moving, then this becomes trivial. After this go for the BS 180, then FS 180. Do an ollie like normal, except now you're turning your shoulders and head to the direction you want to spin. You need to put A LOT of force to actually do a full rotation, and it's not hard - it just takes a lot of guts and commitment. Half of the work is in turning your upper body, the other half is doing an ollie and making the board turn with your legs. Again, a million videos on this.		From there on, you can start learning other flip tricks or you can try skating in bowls or half pipes. Whatever suits you. All the stuff I mentioned above is just the basics for maneuvering, which will come in handy when you're skating through a city or park or something.
I always loved skate culture, but was never good at skateboarding so I gave it up (never had those supportive people around where I was when I was ~10). As a 23 year old, how hard would it be to get to a functional skating level? 		I've only been thinking about it recently cause I've been playing skate 3 daily since it became backwards compatible skating is hard, it takes a ton of practice. but you're still young, go for it! 
That's why I love skateboarding. I can be just as excited to see a 10 year old land their first kickflip cause we can all remember how it felt. Me being able to do harder tricks does nothing to negate your sense of accomplishment of learning a new trick, and vice versa. We've all been that little girl in the past, and we all look to pay it forward (most of us anyways)If anything that first kick flip felt better than nailing any tricks afterwards because it was the first time you ever accomplished something seemingly impossible on a skateboard. It's a little high that we all chase
Oh I thought it was a dad. >Mom voice
Man, you've been a positive influence on me today. 		I'm a single father of two young girls and lately, I've been worried about the world I'm giving to them. Posts like yours remind me that things can and will get better because of good people like you and me.		So thanks.Thank you so much for taking the time to say this! It really means a lot to me. And from your post, I can guess that you're doing a good job of raising your girls. Even if you make mistakes, we all do, and they'll appreciate you being honest with them and yourself more than they would appreciate you being a "perfect" person. Keep being you!
Not if I have anything to say about it!		*upvotes*		EDIT: 500+ Upvotes in 25 minutes! We're doing it!Wow. That got too wholesome for me
More wholesome. As an instructor, he didn't try to charge for his time or convince her to take lessons with him - he just wanted to help. Exactly! And that just shows that he also happens gets paid to do what he obviously loves doing.
More wholesome. As an instructor, he didn't try to charge for his time or convince her to take lessons with him - he just wanted to help. I teach kiteboarding.  Lessons are somewhat expensive ~$150 an hour.  When I'm not teaching and out riding for fun I usually spend 2-3 hours a day on the beach talking to people, sharing tips and helping them.  To me it's just fun to interact with the community, and I'm more knowledgeable than most, so I don't mind sharing.  It might just be the sport, but almost everybody I know in the kiteboarding community goes out of their way to help
More! He could have said "I'm an instructor. I charge $X for lessons" instead of providing the help for free.This sub is so fantastic.
Not so much a source but the little girl is my neice so can confirm Is she still skating?
Khakis are pretty popular with skaters. Yup, and for anyone confused, they aren't like business attire khakis. Completely different cut and material. 
And a reminder that even small, seemingly inconsequential, actions can have a profound impact.I'm really glad to see this happened at the skate park. Almost all the skaters I've known have been really great people. They get a completely unjustified bad rap. (Edit: at least all the places I've lived). This meme doesn't surprise me (but it did bring a tear to my eye). Glad to see they're still kicking ass at being awesome out there. 
And a reminder that even small, seemingly inconsequential, actions can have a profound impact.He gave an hour of his time. How is that inconsequential?
Yeah... The only ones we were really dicks to were the BMX kids in the skatepark. [deleted]
Yeah... The only ones we were really dicks to were the BMX kids in the skatepark. to be fair, our park's concrete was only graded for skateboard use, bmx tires were actually bad for the concrete. so we had to be dicks to them... for the sake of self-preservation
Yeah... The only ones we were really dicks to were the BMX kids in the skatepark. They grew up and now berate drivers in the city for almost hitting them on their bikes as they weave in between traffic.
Why do people say this.Punk was originally a counter-culture movement.  Doing something outside of the norm, like teaching a young girl how to skateboard, would be a part of that.
I would assume his friends were play-making fun of him, and the mom interpreted it as the real thing.Yea she apparently had a speech prepared in her head to berate the young men. Seems a little uptight
It used to be the internet would sap my faith in humanity over weeks, and I would need to get it restored every month or so.		Now, this subreddit is like constant maintenance for the soul.It's so easy to be cynical on the internet and it's really nice that you ha e people(like the wonderful people on this sub) actively work against that and to make the internet a nicer place to be
Can you mentor me then?Yes
Whenever I feel too much weight on my shoulders or just need an emotional pick-me-up this is the first place I come (assuming I'm not around my wife or kids).Not only are the memes very sweet, the comments are super nice as well. It's the only place I have encountered on the internet where everyone goes out of their way to be good to one another all the time - and I'm old enough to remember having to pay by the minute to go online. 
Don't even trip bro, you can start skating at any age. It would probably take a good month to become fully comfortable riding your board. You're definitely gonna want to get the basics like kickturn and stopping down. Get used to picking up your board by slapping the tail down because this will prep you for your ollies (I'm assuming you haven't learned them yet).		Another month to learn how to ollie. There's a million how-to videos, so you got this  But a personal tip from me would be to think of it like a normal jump, except instead of jumping with both feet, you're jumping off one foot and the other follows shortly after. Like a teeter-totter motion. The important part is slapping that tail down fast, not hard. This takes a lot of ankle power. A lot of people will tell you to focus on sliding your front foot up the board, but if you're learning the ollie don't do that... It will just confuse and frustrate you. The main focus should be slapping that tail down as fast and as hard as you can to lift the board off the ground, and if you just do that teeter-totter motion like I mentioned, your front foot will naturally slide up. After you feel like you've got a solid foundation, THEN you can start focusing on sliding your front foot and boning your ollies. It'll be much easier this way. Just remember, it's just a normal jump, but on a skateboard (and you're popping that tail down fast).		Another month to learn how to ollie over things. Once you feel super confident with your ollies while moving, then this becomes trivial. After this go for the BS 180, then FS 180. Do an ollie like normal, except now you're turning your shoulders and head to the direction you want to spin. You need to put A LOT of force to actually do a full rotation, and it's not hard - it just takes a lot of guts and commitment. Half of the work is in turning your upper body, the other half is doing an ollie and making the board turn with your legs. Again, a million videos on this.		From there on, you can start learning other flip tricks or you can try skating in bowls or half pipes. Whatever suits you. All the stuff I mentioned above is just the basics for maneuvering, which will come in handy when you're skating through a city or park or something.Thanks for the encouragement and advice! A lot of my friends are really talented skaters and snowboarders who I'd love to join at the park/mountain, but I don't want them to sacrifice a month of weekends on the mountain to teach me/a few months at the park. I'm a people pleaser. But I guess now that I have a smartphone with access to the Internet, I can just YouTube tutorial the crap out of anything. Heck, I bet if I tried for a few solid hours I could probably pop the board off the ground :)
Don't even trip bro, you can start skating at any age. It would probably take a good month to become fully comfortable riding your board. You're definitely gonna want to get the basics like kickturn and stopping down. Get used to picking up your board by slapping the tail down because this will prep you for your ollies (I'm assuming you haven't learned them yet).		Another month to learn how to ollie. There's a million how-to videos, so you got this  But a personal tip from me would be to think of it like a normal jump, except instead of jumping with both feet, you're jumping off one foot and the other follows shortly after. Like a teeter-totter motion. The important part is slapping that tail down fast, not hard. This takes a lot of ankle power. A lot of people will tell you to focus on sliding your front foot up the board, but if you're learning the ollie don't do that... It will just confuse and frustrate you. The main focus should be slapping that tail down as fast and as hard as you can to lift the board off the ground, and if you just do that teeter-totter motion like I mentioned, your front foot will naturally slide up. After you feel like you've got a solid foundation, THEN you can start focusing on sliding your front foot and boning your ollies. It'll be much easier this way. Just remember, it's just a normal jump, but on a skateboard (and you're popping that tail down fast).		Another month to learn how to ollie over things. Once you feel super confident with your ollies while moving, then this becomes trivial. After this go for the BS 180, then FS 180. Do an ollie like normal, except now you're turning your shoulders and head to the direction you want to spin. You need to put A LOT of force to actually do a full rotation, and it's not hard - it just takes a lot of guts and commitment. Half of the work is in turning your upper body, the other half is doing an ollie and making the board turn with your legs. Again, a million videos on this.		From there on, you can start learning other flip tricks or you can try skating in bowls or half pipes. Whatever suits you. All the stuff I mentioned above is just the basics for maneuvering, which will come in handy when you're skating through a city or park or something.People like you are the best. What's the opposite of gatekeeping? Gateopening? What great advice! 		I'm a middle aged lady now, but I remember learning when I was a teenager. I had so much fun on the board, despite never learning to ollie (my friends said that my hand me down board didn't have enough "pop.") It was just a shame that I broke my ankle (at a concert) so soon into my skating, that I wasn't able to pick it back up. My ankle would swell up and there was no skating anymore. 		But people like you are who made learning to skate, and just skating around fun. 
>Mom voiceOh yeah... Ha I read that and still thought it was a dad putting on a "mom" voice.  
Wow. That got too wholesome for meIf an upvote is too wholesome then you haven't been here long enough :)
Exactly! And that just shows that he also happens gets paid to do what he obviously loves doing.God I love you all so much this was an amazing way to start my morning
Exactly! And that just shows that he also happens gets paid to do what he obviously loves doing.I hit up my skatepark every summer and there's always the teenagers who think they own the park. I've helped out a fair few kids who are super eager to skate but are all over the shop and in danger of cutting someone up and causing an accident. This one kid was so chatty and eager despite having a 20 board and struggling to control it. He was having way more fun than the older skaters. I'd much rather skate with a kid who is over the moon that he didn't fall off or learned how to kickturn than skate with the older kids who take the piss constantly and think less of someone for doing a sloppy tre flip. I know they can't help it because they're teenagers and it's what they do. Nowadays I end up chatting more to the parents who are bringing their kids to the park for the first time and try to make the skatepark seem less intimidating. Everyone's welcome, everyone should feel they can have a go without fear of the pot smoking teenagers taking the piss.		I actually worked in a skatepark for a year and still try to skate now and then, despite being 31 and gaining weight while losing tricks. Working at a skatepark is great but you can't support a family and pay a mortgage on it. I'm kinda resigned to my office job and only skating a few nights a month during the summer. My son's gonna be old enough to give it a go soon. Looking forward to teaching him the ropes.
I teach kiteboarding.  Lessons are somewhat expensive ~$150 an hour.  When I'm not teaching and out riding for fun I usually spend 2-3 hours a day on the beach talking to people, sharing tips and helping them.  To me it's just fun to interact with the community, and I'm more knowledgeable than most, so I don't mind sharing.  It might just be the sport, but almost everybody I know in the kiteboarding community goes out of their way to helpDon't kites go in the sky not on a board? 
This sub is so fantastic.Right? You think you've seen the internet community at large and it's flooded with trolls and shitposters and you start to grow apathetic, then BAM. r/wholesomememes redeems humanity one post at a time
Is she still skating?I don't seem them often so I really couldn't tell you, but last time I seen her she was pretty big on it
Yup, and for anyone confused, they aren't like business attire khakis. Completely different cut and material. sk8er khakiz
Yup, and for anyone confused, they aren't like business attire khakis. Completely different cut and material. Dickies and Ben Davis pants were pretty popular with the skaters and some of the punks when i was growing up.
I'm really glad to see this happened at the skate park. Almost all the skaters I've known have been really great people. They get a completely unjustified bad rap. (Edit: at least all the places I've lived). This meme doesn't surprise me (but it did bring a tear to my eye). Glad to see they're still kicking ass at being awesome out there. Just to throw it out there, the vast majority of the skaters I grew up with actually were not very good people at all. I'm glad your experience was different but just remember that people are just people regardless of what they do for recreation.  They can be good or bad.  
I'm really glad to see this happened at the skate park. Almost all the skaters I've known have been really great people. They get a completely unjustified bad rap. (Edit: at least all the places I've lived). This meme doesn't surprise me (but it did bring a tear to my eye). Glad to see they're still kicking ass at being awesome out there. I really wish there had been guys like this when I was younger! I was the only girl at the skatepark for a few years, before I threw in the towel. The guys went out of their way to make it clear I was unwelcome, and those who didn't make it clear were mocked. That was a hard time! 		Thankfully, I ended up pursuing snowboarding and had a great time with my team and coaches in high school. Those guys really helped me grow and love the sport!		I really love the general trend of 'do what makes you happy' over 'do what your gender should'.  For young girls *and* boys. I guarantee that girl is going to remember that, and even though his friends may have teased him in the moment, they'll remember it too. Maturity and kindness has a way of attracting people!
He gave an hour of his time. How is that inconsequential?to me, i wouldn't mind giving an hour of my time to help people. i think, it's just an hour. i can spare that. to the recipient though, it absolutely isn't inconsequential :)
to be fair, our park's concrete was only graded for skateboard use, bmx tires were actually bad for the concrete. so we had to be dicks to them... for the sake of self-preservation[deleted]
They grew up and now berate drivers in the city for almost hitting them on their bikes as they weave in between traffic.Can attest, I am one of those kids
They grew up and now berate drivers in the city for almost hitting them on their bikes as they weave in between traffic.SHARE THE ROAD
Punk was originally a counter-culture movement.  Doing something outside of the norm, like teaching a young girl how to skateboard, would be a part of that.The little girl on the skateboard is the punkest of punk. 
Punk was originally a counter-culture movement.  Doing something outside of the norm, like teaching a young girl how to skateboard, would be a part of that.I like this old joke:		An adult asks a teen, "what's punk?". So the teen kicks over a trash can and says "that's punk". The adult says "wait", kicks over another trash can and asks "THAT is punk?". The teen responds, "no, that's mainstream". 
YesUsername checks out.... I guess.....
YesYes, teach me your trade. But with batteries of course.
Thanks for the encouragement and advice! A lot of my friends are really talented skaters and snowboarders who I'd love to join at the park/mountain, but I don't want them to sacrifice a month of weekends on the mountain to teach me/a few months at the park. I'm a people pleaser. But I guess now that I have a smartphone with access to the Internet, I can just YouTube tutorial the crap out of anything. Heck, I bet if I tried for a few solid hours I could probably pop the board off the ground :)Hey if they're good buddies I'm sure they'd be happy to teach you the ins and outs of snowboarding/skating! I know if any of my non-skater friends wanted to start I would love to teach them. More friends to skate with = more fun for everyone 
Oh yeah... Ha I read that and still thought it was a dad putting on a "mom" voice.  Can confirm, have mum voice.
God I love you all so much this was an amazing way to start my morningYeah. Fabulous people are Fabulous.
Don't kites go in the sky not on a board? Why not both? 
Right? You think you've seen the internet community at large and it's flooded with trolls and shitposters and you start to grow apathetic, then BAM. r/wholesomememes redeems humanity one post at a timeShitposting can be wholesome! As long as it's light-hearted and fun, not at anyone else's expense!
Just to throw it out there, the vast majority of the skaters I grew up with actually were not very good people at all. I'm glad your experience was different but just remember that people are just people regardless of what they do for recreation.  They can be good or bad.  Yeah, the one group of kids in my town gatekeep hella hard, the other is nice enough but are kinda scummy and do tons of drugs. The moderate ones were at the skatepark (which is now closed with no other real alternative, GG). 
I don't have a problem with scooters specifically but the ones who just stand in the middle of the park doing nothing bother me quite a bit. I've had mixed experiences with scooter kids. I'm an older-ish (30 next month) skater who hasn't frequented too many parks in recent memory. However what I remember from my few times sharing a park with scooters is this:		They're cool ass kids who are usually very respectful in a general sense. However, I think the problem is that scootering (actual word?) hasn't been entrenched in skate park culture long enough for most of them to understand basic skate park protocols. They didn't pay attention to things like line ups or really care to pay attention if they got blatantly in the way with somebody obviously doing a specific run. 		I think it's an issue that will resolve itself as scooter folks spend more and more time in skate park culture.		Like I said though: their general civility didn't go unnoticed. They just need to brush up on the specifics of the culture they are relatively new to.		That being said: shred on little dudes and please keep an open mind if one of us old woodpushers try giving you some advice on the mechanics of the culture :) 		Edit: I dnt spell or grammer good
Can attest, I am one of those kidsYOU
Ah yes.  How thoroughly wholesome to express mocking hatred of a category of people.Sarcasm isn't wholesome!
Username checks out.... I guess.....Well, I mean... You learned *something*.
Yes, teach me your trade. But with batteries of course./r/holesomememes
Yeah, the one group of kids in my town gatekeep hella hard, the other is nice enough but are kinda scummy and do tons of drugs. The moderate ones were at the skatepark (which is now closed with no other real alternative, GG). I've only been to a skate park once and I was on my quad skates so I wasn't very good. I felt pretty intimidated and like a couple of the skaters/BMX bikers were zooming past my friend and me (the only other girl, both on quads) on purpose. But I think my insecurity amplified my sensitivity. All the skaters I've meet one on one have been good people. I'm hoping to go back this summer and have more success, maybe even make some friends!
I've had mixed experiences with scooter kids. I'm an older-ish (30 next month) skater who hasn't frequented too many parks in recent memory. However what I remember from my few times sharing a park with scooters is this:		They're cool ass kids who are usually very respectful in a general sense. However, I think the problem is that scootering (actual word?) hasn't been entrenched in skate park culture long enough for most of them to understand basic skate park protocols. They didn't pay attention to things like line ups or really care to pay attention if they got blatantly in the way with somebody obviously doing a specific run. 		I think it's an issue that will resolve itself as scooter folks spend more and more time in skate park culture.		Like I said though: their general civility didn't go unnoticed. They just need to brush up on the specifics of the culture they are relatively new to.		That being said: shred on little dudes and please keep an open mind if one of us old woodpushers try giving you some advice on the mechanics of the culture :) 		Edit: I dnt spell or grammer goodscooting		I don't know if that's the actual term, but if it's not, it should be
