They're so great[deleted]
They're so greatThirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.
They're so greatDoggos are so great! 
They're so greatI want this to be true. So true. Good Boy!
They're so greatDid anyone else laugh at the security pictures of the dog? He has the confidence of a dog that does this stuff all the time. Oh where is my owner? In room 1244? Yeah I know exactly how to get there 
They're so great[removed]
They're so greatIS NO ONE LAUGHING THAT THE SOURCE IS "cuntographer" 
They're so greatWell we made them the way they are on purpose, to fit our wants
They're so greatBut.. how do we know if it's even true?
They're so great>what did humans do to deserve dogs		treats and pats
They're so greati just adopted the cutest husky but now learned she is sick so I'll take her to the vet first thing in the morning  she's only one i think her stomach is upset idk why but I'll update
They're so greatAlright this is a really cute story, but how exactly did this dog find the owner at the hospital that's 20 blocks away? This makes zero sense.
They're so great>Cuntographer
They're so great>what did humans do to deserve dogs		Created them.
They're so greatI hate when people think we don't deserve dogs. 		We absolutely deserve dogs. We feed them, we love them, we show emotion  in front of them and they don't even speak English and all they do in return is love back. 		But this assumption that we don't deserve dogs is just going too far. Nobody talks about the accidental peeing or popping in the house, or the ripped up rug, or the chewed up remote or the puddle of throw up. 		It's a mutually beneficial relationship. We deserve them as much as they deserve us. 
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.And doggy treats.		We did doggy treats to deserve them; so says doggo.
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.Basically 33,000 years of asking who's a good boy, and then actually pick out the good boys.
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.> Eventually, we might even be as good as them.		That means that we have to cross breed inside /r/wholesomemes !
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.Well we might be as good as they are now but who knows what level of goodboy dogs will have achieved by that point it's probably out of our real of comprehension
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.Or 231,000 dog years.
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.The feel when there is another species on this planet that can read your moods, feelings and expression. The feels when its literally their life's goal to see you happy and protected as a pack and family.		Dogs are the best.
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.We can still keep rebuilding and refining dogs. We have the technology. We have the capability to make the world's first bionic dog. The doggo will be that good boy. Better than he was before. Better... woofier... borkier
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.Dogs make us  better animals 
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.> Eventually, we might even be as good as them.		Oh, I wish. I really, really do. To be as good as a dog? Can you imagine? Just purity on every level for emotion: happy, sad, hungry, curious, excited. They radiate whatever they feel in a very visceral way. :) It's beautiful to know part of that came from the extensive contact our two species have had.
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.Yeah, but lately dog manufacturing has become a bit flawed.  Consumers are more concerned with the units appearance rather than it's functionality.  The industry, in it's attempts to meet consumer demands, has drastically shifted the attributes of the product, and many more savvy consumers are worried that the health and vitality of earlier models will not be recoverable.  The dog bubble is about to burst.
Thirty. Three. *Thousand* years. Continuous selective breeding for a period of time that's longer than recorded history. Dogs are better than most things we will ever make because we've just been refining them for so long. Eventually, we might even be as good as them.According to Wikipedia we've been trying to do the same with cats for nearly 10,000 years. I guess only 20,000 years more with them and we'll be there.
Doggos are so great! You are too :)
Doggos are so great! They're good dogs Brent 
I want this to be true. So true. Good Boy!It IS true.. Look at that little fat cute sweet baby in the hospital breezeway searching for its owner. 
I want this to be true. So true. Good Boy![But it is true!](http://www.cnn.com/videos/us/2015/02/12/dnt-iowa-dog-finds-owner-in-hospital.kcrg) 
I want this to be true. So true. Good Boy!I believe it. Someone broke in to my house once while I was at work. My beautiful boy came and found me to let me know that something was wrong. Like some kind of urban lassie.		He's the best.
Did anyone else laugh at the security pictures of the dog? He has the confidence of a dog that does this stuff all the time. Oh where is my owner? In room 1244? Yeah I know exactly how to get there seems to be on the ball
[removed][removed]
IS NO ONE LAUGHING THAT THE SOURCE IS "cuntographer" I assumed all the "removed" posts here were people laughing at it. 
IS NO ONE LAUGHING THAT THE SOURCE IS "cuntographer" Seriously...nice and wholesome.
Well we made them the way they are on purpose, to fit our wantsIt's commonly thought that as much as humans domesticated dogs, they also domesticated themselves. Some of the more tame wolves started approaching closer and closer to humans as there were typically scraps of food around after hunts. The friendlier wolves found that by not eating weak/young humans, they were not attacked. The early humans saw that the wolves could be used as a very helpful tool on hunts and they could catch more meat and finish hunts faster than by themselves.		Our two species have adapted to each other as companions. Dogs are phenomenal at reading the facial expressions and cues of humans and do so on an instinctual level. One of the many reasons, and perhaps one of the most important, that humans and proto-dogs got along so well was that they have a pack mentality and are eager to fulfill their role in the group. They are easy to train and are relatively close to humans in being fantastic long distance runners.		Plus, they're adorable.
Well we made them the way they are on purpose, to fit our wantsSpeaking of that phrasing...anyone seen "A Dog's Purpose?" Is it good?!
Well we made them the way they are on purpose, to fit our wants[removed]
But.. how do we know if it's even true?... and how would the dog know where to go? 
But.. how do we know if it's even true?This is a true story! I remember this being on the local news channel in Eastern Iowa. Oddly enough, I've met the couple before and remember seeing this dog at their house. 	https://www.google.com/amp/abcnews.go.com/amp/US/dog-shows-hospital-owner-battling-cancer/story%3Fid%3D28916913?client=safari
But.. how do we know if it's even true?[Wholesome additional coverage!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RmmWSQBxuE)		(Search "dog walks 20 blocks" for more.)
But.. how do we know if it's even true?Dogs have been documented to do more difficult things than just finding their human 20 blocks away.		Gander was a decorated WW2 hero https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gander_(dog)			[Greyfriars Bobby found his owner's grave and stayed with him for 14 years](http://www.dogheirs.com/larne/posts/2612-loyal-dog-who-stayed-by-his-owner-s-grave-for-14-years-remembered)
But.. how do we know if it's even true?Source: cuntographer
>what did humans do to deserve dogs		treats and patsAnd ear scritches
Alright this is a really cute story, but how exactly did this dog find the owner at the hospital that's 20 blocks away? This makes zero sense.They said they took her on a ride to work which is next door to the hospital oncejust not the same route, walked a bit and probably picked up the smell from there. 
[removed][removed]
They're all the best dog. All tied for first place.11/10, every one.
And doggy treats.		We did doggy treats to deserve them; so says doggo.And belly scratches, too! And cuddles, and buying new toys to brutally destroy, and snacks, and walks, and parks, and ball throwing...			I think doggos ask the same question...what did we do to deserve humans? 
And doggy treats.		We did doggy treats to deserve them; so says doggo.SO SAY WE ARF.
Basically 33,000 years of asking who's a good boy, and then actually pick out the good boys.Now they're all good boys. 
Basically 33,000 years of asking who's a good boy, and then actually pick out the good boys.That's the one
> Eventually, we might even be as good as them.		That means that we have to cross breed inside /r/wholesomemes !Eugenics are not v wholesome
We can still keep rebuilding and refining dogs. We have the technology. We have the capability to make the world's first bionic dog. The doggo will be that good boy. Better than he was before. Better... woofier... borkierWhere are my testicles, Summer? 
You think recorded history is only 3000 years? He said thirty three
You are too :)You're nice for saying that, thanks friend! :)
You are too :)If only i was rich enough so i could gild you
It IS true.. Look at that little fat cute sweet baby in the hospital breezeway searching for its owner. Yeah but 20 miles and how did it know where the hospital was? Just sounds too good to be true, as much as I'd like it to be. 
I assumed all the "removed" posts here were people laughing at it. [deleted]
Seriously...nice and wholesome.Very holesome.
It's commonly thought that as much as humans domesticated dogs, they also domesticated themselves. Some of the more tame wolves started approaching closer and closer to humans as there were typically scraps of food around after hunts. The friendlier wolves found that by not eating weak/young humans, they were not attacked. The early humans saw that the wolves could be used as a very helpful tool on hunts and they could catch more meat and finish hunts faster than by themselves.		Our two species have adapted to each other as companions. Dogs are phenomenal at reading the facial expressions and cues of humans and do so on an instinctual level. One of the many reasons, and perhaps one of the most important, that humans and proto-dogs got along so well was that they have a pack mentality and are eager to fulfill their role in the group. They are easy to train and are relatively close to humans in being fantastic long distance runners.		Plus, they're adorable.Fun AND informative 
It's commonly thought that as much as humans domesticated dogs, they also domesticated themselves. Some of the more tame wolves started approaching closer and closer to humans as there were typically scraps of food around after hunts. The friendlier wolves found that by not eating weak/young humans, they were not attacked. The early humans saw that the wolves could be used as a very helpful tool on hunts and they could catch more meat and finish hunts faster than by themselves.		Our two species have adapted to each other as companions. Dogs are phenomenal at reading the facial expressions and cues of humans and do so on an instinctual level. One of the many reasons, and perhaps one of the most important, that humans and proto-dogs got along so well was that they have a pack mentality and are eager to fulfill their role in the group. They are easy to train and are relatively close to humans in being fantastic long distance runners.		Plus, they're adorable.they didnt domesticate themselves they probably had no other choice tbh		think of humans.
Speaking of that phrasing...anyone seen "A Dog's Purpose?" Is it good?!Wanted to, but then saw the video going around of how they forced the one dog into rushing water when he was terrified :(( its made it very unwholesome for me.
[removed][removed]
... and how would the dog know where to go? A good sense of smell?	
You know dogs have a stupid good sense of smell right? I remember reading an article about a dog that found its way back home after like.. 1 year or so.. alone20 blocks is more than a sense of smell. It's not like the owner walked the 20 blocks (probably). At this point we're talking metaphysical level shit if this sort of thing is real.
11/10, every one.They're good dogs Brent.
11/10, every one.5/7. The perfect one 
And belly scratches, too! And cuddles, and buying new toys to brutally destroy, and snacks, and walks, and parks, and ball throwing...			I think doggos ask the same question...what did we do to deserve humans? That thought makes me happy 
Now they're all good boys. That need belly rubbies!!!
Now they're all good boys. They're good dogs, Bront.
Eugenics are not v wholesomeAs I understand it, the main problems with eugenics are, from most awful to least:		1. It usually involves using pseudoscience to support racial discrimination, and it's very easy for that sort of thing to slip in.		2. It requires violating people's bodily autonomy, which is a huge no-no in terms of human rights.		3. Natural selection is really, really bad at doing what it does. Human artifical selection can do better, but it might still take generations of constant work (and consistent widespread support) to notice even minor improvements. Possibly dozens, or even hundreds of generations.
You're nice for saying that, thanks friend! :)You're also nice for saying that! ^-^
If only i was rich enough so i could gild youIt's the thought that counts, buddy. 
Yeah but 20 miles and how did it know where the hospital was? Just sounds too good to be true, as much as I'd like it to be. 20 blocks. Thats like 2 miles. I'm guessing it followed it's nose. 
Yeah but 20 miles and how did it know where the hospital was? Just sounds too good to be true, as much as I'd like it to be. Bkz the doggo can smell love Infinite miles and followed his heart. 
Fun AND informative I read this in Chris Traeger's voice!
they didnt domesticate themselves they probably had no other choice tbh		think of humans.The very idea of choice is pretty much a human construct. For most of nature it's all about doing whatever makes life easiest/least likely to die.		Think of those fish that basically live to clean the food out of shark's teeth. They didn't choose that role in any meaningful way other than how it was a path of survival.		I know that dogs make choices in their lives. But so much of that is because we have made their lives easier and more free so that they can afford to make choices that aren't directly tied to food and sex.
Do you have a single piece of evidence for this assertion?		>It's commonly thought that as much as humans domesticated dogs, they also domesticated themselves		This sounds nice but there is no evidence for it at all.		Now watch me get downvoted for providing some reality.http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2013/03/130302-dog-domestic-evolution-science-wolf-wolves-human/		https://books.google.com/books?hl=en&lr=&id=D3YKOSc_JzEC&oi=fnd&pg=PA11&ots=Qies4itJmH&sig=U4crNT-ngSmGyk9FOcucKoSX5hI#v=onepage&q&f=false
Wanted to, but then saw the video going around of how they forced the one dog into rushing water when he was terrified :(( its made it very unwholesome for me.You should read the followup to that story. Might make you happy. 
Wanted to, but then saw the video going around of how they forced the one dog into rushing water when he was terrified :(( its made it very unwholesome for me.That was just TMZ trying to get attention by editing the video in a way that made it look bad. The dog was fine.
no they hurt doggos 		edit: I'm wrongYou read the initial story, but apparently not the follow up. The video was manipulated.		https://www.americanhumane.org/press-release/independent-investigative-report-on-a-dogs-purpose-finds-edited-video-mischaracterized-what-happened-on-the-set/
[removed][removed]
A good sense of smell?	20 blocks? Over the smells of the city? And presumably the owner didn't walk 20 blocks to his cancer surgery that day- so, through a car?		I love this stuff but this is just not believable. 
They're good dogs Brent.Bront.
That thought makes me happy My dog lost a leg to some bone cancer.  She wasn't very happy before that, but since her amputation, she is back to her happy self, and the doctors say her three legged days will be long and happy.  I don't even think she realizes she lost a leg, she's just always happy!
That thought makes me happy I love this sub
As I understand it, the main problems with eugenics are, from most awful to least:		1. It usually involves using pseudoscience to support racial discrimination, and it's very easy for that sort of thing to slip in.		2. It requires violating people's bodily autonomy, which is a huge no-no in terms of human rights.		3. Natural selection is really, really bad at doing what it does. Human artifical selection can do better, but it might still take generations of constant work (and consistent widespread support) to notice even minor improvements. Possibly dozens, or even hundreds of generations.It's hubristic to think we have a full knowledge of "beneficial" vs. "maladaptive" traits in humans. For example, we thought the appendix was useless for a while, but we now understand it can actually serve an important purpose.		Same deal with attempting to breed certain diseases out of the population ... any number of unforeseen consequences could arise as a result. 		Not only is eugenics morally questionable, it might be scientifically questionable as well. 
As I understand it, the main problems with eugenics are, from most awful to least:		1. It usually involves using pseudoscience to support racial discrimination, and it's very easy for that sort of thing to slip in.		2. It requires violating people's bodily autonomy, which is a huge no-no in terms of human rights.		3. Natural selection is really, really bad at doing what it does. Human artifical selection can do better, but it might still take generations of constant work (and consistent widespread support) to notice even minor improvements. Possibly dozens, or even hundreds of generations.4. Genetic diversity within the population is suuuuuper important for long-term viability of a species, and intense selective breeding efforts destroy that diversity. See: purebred dogs, inbred European royalty. 
Isn't Paleolithic art like 60,000 years old? Yeah but selective dog breeding isn't tho 
You're also nice for saying that! ^-^Can confirm, you are all nice :)
It's the thought that counts, buddy. It's your compliment that counts as well :)
20 blocks. Thats like 2 miles. I'm guessing it followed it's nose. I read that as 20 miles			Waaaaaaaaaaaay different and way more believable. Thanks! 
20 blocks. Thats like 2 miles. I'm guessing it followed it's nose. Unless his owner walked to the hospital, there's no way "smell" helped him find the hospital. Either he knew the path already (previous trips) or this isn't real. 
You should read the followup to that story. Might make you happy. Can you link the followup? That vid of the scared doggo broke my heart.
That was just TMZ trying to get attention by editing the video in a way that made it look bad. The dog was fine.Im so glad to learn that!!
You read the initial story, but apparently not the follow up. The video was manipulated.		https://www.americanhumane.org/press-release/independent-investigative-report-on-a-dogs-purpose-finds-edited-video-mischaracterized-what-happened-on-the-set/Oh ok my bad 
20 blocks? Over the smells of the city? And presumably the owner didn't walk 20 blocks to his cancer surgery that day- so, through a car?		I love this stuff but this is just not believable. And hospital employees just let a dog walk right into the building and into his room? Are we forgetting how clean hospitals are? Or how a dog doesn't know how to use the stairs or an elevator... And no one at the hospital would know it is a patients dog until it was in his room so would probably just shoo him out. 		Sorry, I love wholesomeness like anyone else, but I love truthful wholesomeness.     
20 blocks? Over the smells of the city? And presumably the owner didn't walk 20 blocks to his cancer surgery that day- so, through a car?		I love this stuff but this is just not believable. I assume someone getting cancer surgery has had treatment for some time and has probably gone to or been dropped off at the hospital with the dog in the car at last a few times. Could be that he knew where to find him.
Bront.Brant.
My dog lost a leg to some bone cancer.  She wasn't very happy before that, but since her amputation, she is back to her happy self, and the doctors say her three legged days will be long and happy.  I don't even think she realizes she lost a leg, she's just always happy!Saw a post on a community notice board at the shopping centre a few days ago. Someone asking for "a set of wheels for a fog who's back legs are useless" i thought that was such a great thing to ask for that if i knew how I'd have made them myself			My sisters old man Chihuahua has back legs nearly useless. Heneeda to be carried up and down stairs or it takes him ages and he struggles
My dog lost a leg to some bone cancer.  She wasn't very happy before that, but since her amputation, she is back to her happy self, and the doctors say her three legged days will be long and happy.  I don't even think she realizes she lost a leg, she's just always happy!I don't know if you've seen Derby the husky yet, but if your dog needs a prosthetic they can do great things with 3D printers now.		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRmoowIN8aY
My dog lost a leg to some bone cancer.  She wasn't very happy before that, but since her amputation, she is back to her happy self, and the doctors say her three legged days will be long and happy.  I don't even think she realizes she lost a leg, she's just always happy![deleted]
It's hubristic to think we have a full knowledge of "beneficial" vs. "maladaptive" traits in humans. For example, we thought the appendix was useless for a while, but we now understand it can actually serve an important purpose.		Same deal with attempting to breed certain diseases out of the population ... any number of unforeseen consequences could arise as a result. 		Not only is eugenics morally questionable, it might be scientifically questionable as well. That's an *excellent* point! Though I would argue that that's a solvable issue, as biology continues to advance.
Can confirm, you are all nice :)Free Peanut Butter Cookies with milk for everyone in this sub!
Unless his owner walked to the hospital, there's no way "smell" helped him find the hospital. Either he knew the path already (previous trips) or this isn't real. [deleted]
Can you link the followup? That vid of the scared doggo broke my heart.[Here's a Reddit thread.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/5s33db/third_party_investigation_finds_no_animal_cruelty/)		[And here's another source.](https://www.americanhumane.org/press-release/independent-investigative-report-on-a-dogs-purpose-finds-edited-video-mischaracterized-what-happened-on-the-set/)
And hospital employees just let a dog walk right into the building and into his room? Are we forgetting how clean hospitals are? Or how a dog doesn't know how to use the stairs or an elevator... And no one at the hospital would know it is a patients dog until it was in his room so would probably just shoo him out. 		Sorry, I love wholesomeness like anyone else, but I love truthful wholesomeness.     It entered the main area of the hospital, and the staff called the owner's home number which was on the collar. The owner's husband picked up and sent their daughter to pick it up. The daughter then brought it into her mother's (the owner) room. See here: https://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/comments/5ubxt8/theyre_so_great/ddt3wco/
And hospital employees just let a dog walk right into the building and into his room? Are we forgetting how clean hospitals are? Or how a dog doesn't know how to use the stairs or an elevator... And no one at the hospital would know it is a patients dog until it was in his room so would probably just shoo him out. 		Sorry, I love wholesomeness like anyone else, but I love truthful wholesomeness.     Maybe the people who work at this hospital are just extra wholesome and thought "doggo looks like he's on a mission, let him be!"
And hospital employees just let a dog walk right into the building and into his room? Are we forgetting how clean hospitals are? Or how a dog doesn't know how to use the stairs or an elevator... And no one at the hospital would know it is a patients dog until it was in his room so would probably just shoo him out. 		Sorry, I love wholesomeness like anyone else, but I love truthful wholesomeness.     "How clean hospitals are."		Lul
And hospital employees just let a dog walk right into the building and into his room? Are we forgetting how clean hospitals are? Or how a dog doesn't know how to use the stairs or an elevator... And no one at the hospital would know it is a patients dog until it was in his room so would probably just shoo him out. 		Sorry, I love wholesomeness like anyone else, but I love truthful wholesomeness.     >clean hospitals		heh, you're funny
And hospital employees just let a dog walk right into the building and into his room? Are we forgetting how clean hospitals are? Or how a dog doesn't know how to use the stairs or an elevator... And no one at the hospital would know it is a patients dog until it was in his room so would probably just shoo him out. 		Sorry, I love wholesomeness like anyone else, but I love truthful wholesomeness.     I'm quite sure dogs can do stairs m8
I assume someone getting cancer surgery has had treatment for some time and has probably gone to or been dropped off at the hospital with the dog in the car at last a few times. Could be that he knew where to find him.A lot of chemo is to shrink tumors to make surgery possible, so that's quite plausible.
Brant.Brahent.
Saw a post on a community notice board at the shopping centre a few days ago. Someone asking for "a set of wheels for a fog who's back legs are useless" i thought that was such a great thing to ask for that if i knew how I'd have made them myself			My sisters old man Chihuahua has back legs nearly useless. Heneeda to be carried up and down stairs or it takes him ages and he strugglesI never have the opportunity to tell anyone this cool story from my childhood... so yea, Imma use this opportunity lol		When I was a kid I had a little male Chihuahua and another much bigger collie/mut mix that stayed outside. Their pen was essentially one large wire enclosure with a divider in the center. They mainly stayed running around in the yard during the days but would put them in their homes when the sun went down. 		Like real children, sometimes they would be all "like, totally coo you guys" about putting them in their pens at night... but sometimes they would protest the decision, adamantly, and absolutely vocalize to me how much they did not agree with my decision.		Anywho... The next morning I went out to feed, water, and let the doggies out for the day. I routinely started with the Chihuahua first since he was a lot easier to handle than the continuously jumping, drooling, barking, total spaz of a dog that the other collie mix was. lol.		I got to the chihuahua's door, look down, and see the little motherfucker lookin exactly like the pedophiles dog that drags its legs on Family Guy! He was as excited as EVER. Completely looking and acting normal as hell like they have always been like that. Absolutely NO signs of distress. Hell, he looked as if he didn't even notice his legs not working. My mind was truly in the BOGGLE'N stage of function. And let me tell ya... he was fucking BOOKING it. Running all around that damn pen... almost as if to taunt whoever this "God"  guy was that takes away from his "Human Time" that all the humans have been talking about.		Still to this day I have no idea what happened to him... but from the looks of the pen my best theory is that he dug a hole under the dividing fence trying to go visit his friend on the other side and while he was half way to the other side... the big brute of a collie dog started jumping in excitement and landed on his back.   		Sooo yea. Took him to the vet and uhhhhh... YUP. Looks like his back is somewhat broke or fractured or something. I was a kid so I honestly don't remember anything about what the vet said... but I DO remember that they had to do some surgery on the little guy and that WE would have to put him through physical therapy afterwards. 		SO... he had the surgery. It went great and then we took him home to start the stringent physical therapy schedule. How did we do this? 		We filled up a medium sized ice cooler/chest with water and about 2 to 3 times a day we would hold him up in the cooler with his back legs in the water and manually move his legs as if he was walking in order to build the leg muscles again and help bring back his muscle memory.		We also had this medicated cream from the vet that we had to constantly apply where and when needed... and apart from the actual walking aspect... the other very major aspect of his recovery was constantly dressing his wounds due to him dragging his legs around (This was before I even thought about doggy wheelchair devices or knew they existed. lol. I felt so sorry for him because the part that rubbed the most was his lil ball sack and I constantly had to apply cream on them and keep him wrapped in gauze or whatever to try to counter all the rubbing.		It took about a month or 2 of doing this and seeing improvements little by little but we FINALLY got him rehabilitated and walking again. It's these types of little things that make me extremely happy and put a smile on my face. 		   **TL;DR: My childhood pet Chihuahua crippled his back legs, had to have surgery, and I put him through physical therapy for months until he regained his strength and started walking again.**
I don't know if you've seen Derby the husky yet, but if your dog needs a prosthetic they can do great things with 3D printers now.		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRmoowIN8aYJesus Christ why did I click that?! 
Free Peanut Butter Cookies with milk for everyone in this sub!Unless you're allergic or don't like that. If that's the case, you can have just as nice of a treat that better suits your dietary needs and preferences!
Free Peanut Butter Cookies with milk for everyone in this sub!Thanks, and Snicker-doodles for those with peanut allergies :)
Including you!Lactose intolerant with peanut allergy, cannot breathe... but thank you!
[Here's a Reddit thread.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/5s33db/third_party_investigation_finds_no_animal_cruelty/)		[And here's another source.](https://www.americanhumane.org/press-release/independent-investigative-report-on-a-dogs-purpose-finds-edited-video-mischaracterized-what-happened-on-the-set/)Im so glad! Thank you for showing me the correction!
[Here's a Reddit thread.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/5s33db/third_party_investigation_finds_no_animal_cruelty/)		[And here's another source.](https://www.americanhumane.org/press-release/independent-investigative-report-on-a-dogs-purpose-finds-edited-video-mischaracterized-what-happened-on-the-set/)TMZ mis-characterized events?  Shocked I am.  Just absolutely shocked.  They used to do such reputable journalism.
>clean hospitals		heh, you're funnyHad me in stitches...
I never have the opportunity to tell anyone this cool story from my childhood... so yea, Imma use this opportunity lol		When I was a kid I had a little male Chihuahua and another much bigger collie/mut mix that stayed outside. Their pen was essentially one large wire enclosure with a divider in the center. They mainly stayed running around in the yard during the days but would put them in their homes when the sun went down. 		Like real children, sometimes they would be all "like, totally coo you guys" about putting them in their pens at night... but sometimes they would protest the decision, adamantly, and absolutely vocalize to me how much they did not agree with my decision.		Anywho... The next morning I went out to feed, water, and let the doggies out for the day. I routinely started with the Chihuahua first since he was a lot easier to handle than the continuously jumping, drooling, barking, total spaz of a dog that the other collie mix was. lol.		I got to the chihuahua's door, look down, and see the little motherfucker lookin exactly like the pedophiles dog that drags its legs on Family Guy! He was as excited as EVER. Completely looking and acting normal as hell like they have always been like that. Absolutely NO signs of distress. Hell, he looked as if he didn't even notice his legs not working. My mind was truly in the BOGGLE'N stage of function. And let me tell ya... he was fucking BOOKING it. Running all around that damn pen... almost as if to taunt whoever this "God"  guy was that takes away from his "Human Time" that all the humans have been talking about.		Still to this day I have no idea what happened to him... but from the looks of the pen my best theory is that he dug a hole under the dividing fence trying to go visit his friend on the other side and while he was half way to the other side... the big brute of a collie dog started jumping in excitement and landed on his back.   		Sooo yea. Took him to the vet and uhhhhh... YUP. Looks like his back is somewhat broke or fractured or something. I was a kid so I honestly don't remember anything about what the vet said... but I DO remember that they had to do some surgery on the little guy and that WE would have to put him through physical therapy afterwards. 		SO... he had the surgery. It went great and then we took him home to start the stringent physical therapy schedule. How did we do this? 		We filled up a medium sized ice cooler/chest with water and about 2 to 3 times a day we would hold him up in the cooler with his back legs in the water and manually move his legs as if he was walking in order to build the leg muscles again and help bring back his muscle memory.		We also had this medicated cream from the vet that we had to constantly apply where and when needed... and apart from the actual walking aspect... the other very major aspect of his recovery was constantly dressing his wounds due to him dragging his legs around (This was before I even thought about doggy wheelchair devices or knew they existed. lol. I felt so sorry for him because the part that rubbed the most was his lil ball sack and I constantly had to apply cream on them and keep him wrapped in gauze or whatever to try to counter all the rubbing.		It took about a month or 2 of doing this and seeing improvements little by little but we FINALLY got him rehabilitated and walking again. It's these types of little things that make me extremely happy and put a smile on my face. 		   **TL;DR: My childhood pet Chihuahua crippled his back legs, had to have surgery, and I put him through physical therapy for months until he regained his strength and started walking again.**This made me smile so much! The love and dedication to that dog you had is so adorable. 
Unless you're allergic or don't like that. If that's the case, you can have just as nice of a treat that better suits your dietary needs and preferences!Thank you for considering my needs! It is much appreciated. Extra cookie to you.
Thanks, and Snicker-doodles for those with peanut allergies :)Snickerdoodles?! They're as fun to eat as they are to say!
[removed]But it does matter because the clip of him almost drowning actually had the dog enter the water at his own will. The way it is cut alters your perception of the true situation. 
[removed]I didnt see any of that in the article. It said that the dog loves going into water and was specifically trained and selected due to his natural love of swimming. There was very little stress only occuring at the beginning of the shoot and the dog was willingly went into the water. The video that caused the controversy was edited to look cruel and was  actually two clips that took place at differe t times put together 
BraeuntBregananant
