The purest picture on the InternetFor a second I wondered why they were labeled incorrectly
The purest picture on the InternetAdding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.
The purest picture on the InternetThis should be a movie 		Bill AND Fred's Science Adventure
The purest picture on the InternetTop 10 Anime Crossovers
The purest picture on the InternetJUST ADD BOB ROSS
The purest picture on the InternetCan any friendos provide the source?
The purest picture on the InternetBill and Fred's wholesome voyage
The purest picture on the InternetMy head added the sound of canned cheer looking at this picture. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kJYqBGeMLI
The purest picture on the InternetCan I get a record amount of down votes on a wholesome meme sub?
The purest picture on the InternetLevar Burton not Bob Ross would make the holy trinity for children. 
The purest picture on the InternetBob?
The purest picture on the InternetRather Bob Ross than Bill.
The purest picture on the Internet[removed]
The purest picture on the InternetDoes anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.
The purest picture on the InternetI heard Bill Nye was/is kind of a jerk, maybe not so pure...
The purest picture on the InternetI feel the same way looking at this picture as I would looking at puppies. 
The purest picture on the InternetFred Rogers was a saint, but I remember reading Bill Nye was a jerk in an AMA a while back.		
The purest picture on the InternetI must respectfully disagree, but I hope you have a nice day and enjoy my upvote.
For a second I wondered why they were labeled incorrectlyI'm still wondering that. Could you help a friend out?
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.The thought of that has made my week!
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.In the name of the Neighbor, the Painter and the Science Guy, Amen.
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.Throw in LeVar Burton and you got a stew going 		(yes I'm aware LeVar Burton is not Carl Weathers, let's keep it wholesome)
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.Steve Irwin could bring the subject matter!
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.Wholesome trinity.	FTFY
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.for a second after reading this, I think i felt real true happiness. Then I remembered this show doesn't actually exist and never will. 
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.And steve irwin
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.the show of my dreams
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.[Let me introduce you](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerry_Haynes) to [Saint Peppermint.](http://imgur.com/a/ORPKS)
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.In the name of the painter, neighbor, and   scientist. Amen
Adding Bob Ross would've made the holy trinity. Imagine a special where all 3 meet and discuss the art of science, the science of art, and how it all mixes together to make you the person Mr. Rogers knows you can be.		Edit: I'm happy others feel the same joy with this idea as I do.[removed]
This should be a movie 		Bill AND Fred's Science AdventureUnfortunetly Mr. Rogers passed away. I showed my nephews some old reruns of his show and the look on their faces while watching is the same exact look I had when I was younger watching his shows. RIP Mr Rogers. 
This should be a movie 		Bill AND Fred's Science AdventureYou're about 14 years late on that idea.
This should be a movie 		Bill AND Fred's Science AdventureBill and Fred's Wholesome and World Saving Adventure		These guys can stop all the wars in the world AND help educate and work to turn back climate change....		Soundtrack featuring songs by Leonard Cohen, special appearance by Keanu Reeves who helps provide some zen when Mr. Roger's feels despondent and Bill Nye is feeling frustrated so that they can continue moving forward with hope and determination.		Now I realize Mr. Rogers has passed away but that's easily fit into the movie Bill Nye inventing a time machine. He intends to go back in time to stop diesel and gas engines ever being invented but he messes up the time machine and instead appears above...that screenshot is ACTUALLY the introduction of our two most awesome adventurers.		(also featuring: Tesla, Currie and Neil deGrasse Tyson shows up when the time machine starts acting up).
Top 10 Anime CrossoversFresh out the oven http://i.imgur.com/aGP7JZb.png
JUST ADD BOB ROSSAnd the Kratt Brothers.
Can any friendos provide the source?It's on amazon, I bought the episode for $2 and made this screen grab. https://vid.me/q1TQ
Can any friendos provide the source?Closest I could get you: http://www.neighborhoodarchive.com/mrn/episodes/1715/index.html		Edit: They blow up a balloon with vinegar and baking soda. It's wonderful. 
My head added the sound of canned cheer looking at this picture. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kJYqBGeMLIHaha like a sitcom now I'm imaging the hijinks and the fake Seinfeld pop sounds 
Can I get a record amount of down votes on a wholesome meme sub?The amount is gonna be negative!
Can I get a record amount of down votes on a wholesome meme sub?Nope!
Bob?Cadmium Yellow :)
[removed]That's just an unfortunate rumor. Everyone I've heard from that's met him says he's a very nice person. I think some people annoyed him IRL/wouldn't leave him alone or something and got him to be kinda snippy but I've never heard anything about him actually being an asshole.		edit: Since a bunch of people commented back that he is an asshole, I did some research about him. Most of the stories I'm finding of him "being an asshole" boil down to either:		1. People asking him for autographs, which he doesn't like to do (and isn't obligated to do)		2. Bill getting shitty with people who won't listen when he tries to explain something science-related, or who continue arguing with basic facts		3. Unsubstantiated stories of Bill acting completely out of character (getting drunk and desperately trying to pick up women, acting like a diva backstage, etc.). I seriously doubt these are true without any evidence.
[removed]Yes, Rogers is a saint, but I've heard awful stories about Bill Nye. He's not really wholesome.
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.Well, isn't the very nature of celebrities' true nature when interacting with fans that it is inherently hearsay? I mean, the premises of someone like Nye being rude is testimony from people who have met him. It is inherently hearsay.		The question is, does it continue to be hearsay when dozens of people, maybe hundreds come out and say they've also had unsavory experiences with him? I think at that point it's more than just rumours.
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.I don't think he's a dick, but he came to my school and gave a talk and in the Q&A someone asked if they could get a selfie with him and he got pretty annoyed and said he would "afterward," but then never did. 		I'm not gonna blame him because that would be an annoying, shallow question, but if I were in a position of influence I think I'd want to be the bigger person and be a little more tactful. 
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.I've known people who've lived next to him.  I've been hearing he's a dickhead for almost 30 years
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.He toured a childrens science center I used to work at when I was still there. He was very interested in all of our experiments and made plenty of suggestions on how things could be expanded upon. He was very genuine and he was very polite. He seemed pretty nice.
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.I didn't meet him personally, but I went to a conference he spoke at.  He passed me in the hallway on the way to his keynote address and was rude to anyone who tried to talk to him.  Pretty much everyone who I spoke to that met him at the conference said it was a disappointing experience (except for the pretty girls).		Jerk is perhaps too strong a word, but he sure isn't the persona you see from his show.  I'd probably go with impatient and sarcastic based on the interactions I saw from across the room...
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.Nye was anti-GMO until 2015 when he had a meeting with Monsanto		He's advertised for companies like [Activion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZo1GhaTVuk)		Nye's highest level of education is a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering. His attempts to cover everything with that level of background cause issues when he's claiming a high level of expertise.		For example in his reddit AMA he was wrong about how Bumble bee's fly.
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/hpzcx/i_was_one_of_the_kids_on_bill_nye_the_science_guy/		I'm 100% pro science. I believe in man made climate change and that vaxinations save lives. 	All that aside, it sounds like he's a bit of a dick.	
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.That's precisely what I was thinking.
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.There's A LOT of annecdotal evidence and it's up to you whether or not to choose to believe it. Frankly, I do. 
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.I always see people on the internet making these claims, but have never seen any video proof.  This day and age, you would think any celebrity that is consistently an asshole would have footage out there of them being an asshole.  Like others have said, I wonder if the people claiming he's an asshole were being an asshole themselves to get a response.
Does anyone have any kind of proof that Bill Nye is a dick? Sounds like a petty rumor a climate change denier or anti-vaxxer would make up. I only see hearsay.He's an example of someone who won't change his mind and won't change the subject. It's fine to have your views. What's not fine is insulting people who disagree with you and labeling them as dangerous. 		As a Christian I don't care at all that Bill disagrees with me on topics. What I DO get upset about is him using personal insults when speaking about us. 
I heard Bill Nye was/is kind of a jerk, maybe not so pure...You will hear lots of back and forth on here. There are a lot of anecdotal stories saying he wasn't the nicest guy from those who had run into him in Seattle. There are those who say you can't believe random things you read on here. Yeah, he probably never adjusted to being famous. Oh well. It doesn't bother me that much. There are so few truly great people in the world that I can't really go out and get mad at someone who is just as flawed as half the people I run into every day.
I heard Bill Nye was/is kind of a jerk, maybe not so pure...http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/apr/14/bill-nye-open-criminal-charges-jail-time-climate-c/
Context for non-Americans?On the left is Fred Rogers, and on the right is Bill Nye. A lot of Americans watched "Mr. Roger's Neighborhood" growing up, and Mr. Rogers was known for being very friendly and genuine. Bill Nye's show was called "Bill Nye the Science Guy," and his show was shown in almost every science class before middle school. In addition, reddit loves Bill Nye today, because he gives talks on climate change.		So they're two television stars that we remember from our childhood.
+/u/CompileBot python	    a = 49	    while a>=0:	        print "","",a," bottles of beer on the wall, ",a," bottles of beer! Take one down, pass it around, ",a," bottles of beer on the wall!"	        a = a-1The only problem with that is it leaves it at the same number after taking one down. You should move the a=a-1 to just after "Take one down, pass it around"
Who are these people?Fred Rogers and Bill Nye. 
Who are these people?They both hosted educational television programs in the US. Mr Rogers focused on very young children, about three to six, and talked about using your imagination, random interesting things like how crayons are made, and how we're all lovable just the way we are. He was an accomplished musician and a Christian minister. His speech to Congress back in the... (80's?) is pretty much why the US still has a public television station funded with federal taxes. His show shaped generations of Americans. The first few seasons are in black in white, and he kept making new ones until at least the nineties and maybe into the 2000's. He is no longer living. 		Bill Nye is stand up comedian turned science educator. His show was geared toward a slightly older audience, roughly nine to fourteen. He talked about basic science concepts such as simple machines, natural selection, and electricity. His show had a much shorter run, mostly in the nineties iirc. Compared to the calm sweet grandpa of Rogers, Nye is your crazy uncle who will blow shit up with you in the backyard. He now tries to do basic science education to Fox News anchors and debates religious nuts. 		This all off the top of my head, details may be slightly off.
Bill Nye wants to jail people who are skeptical of climate change. I didn't know fascism was wholesome.Actually, if you watch that interview with him, what he says is that he can understand why some people feel that people who are in positions of power who are using denying climate change as a way to make money should be held accountable for their actions.		He does not at any point say that he personally feels that way, and he especially doesn't say that denying climate change should be a crime.		All he actually says, in so far as his stance on the matter, is that people who let their companies do things that are likely to further damage our climate, are effecting the quality of life of everyone else on the planet.
I'm still wondering that. Could you help a friend out?Subtitles. They're greeting each other. 
I'm still wondering that. Could you help a friend out?People sometimes greet others by just saying their names. Here, Fred is greeting Bill by saying his name, and vice versa. The words aren't labels, they're captions.
I'm still wondering that. Could you help a friend out?They were both greeting each other.  They each said the others name,  so the subtitles showed up like that 
The thought of that has made my week!The thought of that has made me weak!
The thought of that has made my week!I hope you've had a good week! 
Throw in LeVar Burton and you got a stew going 		(yes I'm aware LeVar Burton is not Carl Weathers, let's keep it wholesome)I love LeVar, but I never want to meet him. It would be too much.
Throw in LeVar Burton and you got a stew going 		(yes I'm aware LeVar Burton is not Carl Weathers, let's keep it wholesome)....I think I'd like my books back.
Throw in LeVar Burton and you got a stew going 		(yes I'm aware LeVar Burton is not Carl Weathers, let's keep it wholesome)[deleted]
Throw in LeVar Burton and you got a stew going 		(yes I'm aware LeVar Burton is not Carl Weathers, let's keep it wholesome)Butterfly in the motherfuckin sky
Steve Irwin could bring the subject matter!That video that circulated yesterday with his kid on The Tonight Show was heart-warming. He has the same exuberant demeanor as his dad. 
for a second after reading this, I think i felt real true happiness. Then I remembered this show doesn't actually exist and never will. But it does exist. It exists in our imagination. And Mr Rogers would love that. 
And steve irwinhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrVfuDx4ET8		Steve Irwin's son is turning into quite the person himself!  His passion is so infectious.
[Let me introduce you](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerry_Haynes) to [Saint Peppermint.](http://imgur.com/a/ORPKS)I feel like this is one of the few links that could be x-posted between /r/wholesomememes and /r/creepy.
[removed]Yeah I've been struggling to come to terms with this since I found out about it and I've found the solution I think:		Bill Nye the person *may* be an asshole but Bill Nye the Science Guy was not. BNtSG is a character, and the character is who I will shift my adoration to *if the stories are true*. If they aren't, there's no issue.		Moreover, even *if* Bill Nye is a jerk, that doesn't in any way diminish his contribution to teaching children about science. The work he's done is definitely worth praise, especially nowadays when science education is sorely lacking. I'm not gonna turn my nose up to someone willing to educate people and kids in a fun and engaging way just because he may be an asshole off camera.  
[removed]Sure he is. Kids from all across the country got energized and excited about science. He was the highlight of any class period. The best thing your teacher could do was wheel in the TV and pop in Bill Nye. Everyone chanting "BILL BILL BILL". It's unfortunate some people had unpleasant experiences in person, things happen that we may not see or understand. But those negative experiences represent .01% of all interactions we've had with Bill. The rest are like I described above. So I think he's just as influential and wholesome.
[removed]You're not being very wholesome :(
[removed]I think we need more info, friendo. "He came to my city once" just isn't enough to change my opinion of the dude. 
Unfortunetly Mr. Rogers passed away. I showed my nephews some old reruns of his show and the look on their faces while watching is the same exact look I had when I was younger watching his shows. RIP Mr Rogers. His whole show is available on Amazon Prime. My seven year old niece loves him as much as we do.
Unfortunetly Mr. Rogers passed away. I showed my nephews some old reruns of his show and the look on their faces while watching is the same exact look I had when I was younger watching his shows. RIP Mr Rogers. I remember my older brother mocking me for watching the show (five years' difference) when we were younger. But he'd always find his way to the couch next to me and watch it too. People just can't resist Mr. Rogers' wholesomeness and sincerity. He was just a nice, loving neighbor. 
Unfortunetly Mr. Rogers passed away. I showed my nephews some old reruns of his show and the look on their faces while watching is the same exact look I had when I was younger watching his shows. RIP Mr Rogers. [removed]
Unfortunetly Mr. Rogers passed away. I showed my nephews some old reruns of his show and the look on their faces while watching is the same exact look I had when I was younger watching his shows. RIP Mr Rogers. "Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood" carries on a lot of the same themes and lessons.
Fresh out the oven http://i.imgur.com/aGP7JZb.pngbless your soul 
And the Kratt Brothers.Wild Kratts is such a great show. I'm so glad it's available on public television.
And the Kratt Brothers.And Zoboomafoo!
And the Kratt Brothers.I havent thought about the ole Kratts in years, back when the original show was live action with their monkey. I got some of my first "jokes" from that show as a kid and I loved it.		It made me really happy to find out 10 years later the Kratts still had a show, my little sister watched them (admittedly cartoonized) and it really made me feel like I was able to share my childhood with her.
It's on amazon, I bought the episode for $2 and made this screen grab. https://vid.me/q1TQYou're a goddamn champion 
It's on amazon, I bought the episode for $2 and made this screen grab. https://vid.me/q1TQ<3
The amount is gonna be negative!B1G, if True 
Cadmium Yellow :)Alizarin crimson master race
That's just an unfortunate rumor. Everyone I've heard from that's met him says he's a very nice person. I think some people annoyed him IRL/wouldn't leave him alone or something and got him to be kinda snippy but I've never heard anything about him actually being an asshole.		edit: Since a bunch of people commented back that he is an asshole, I did some research about him. Most of the stories I'm finding of him "being an asshole" boil down to either:		1. People asking him for autographs, which he doesn't like to do (and isn't obligated to do)		2. Bill getting shitty with people who won't listen when he tries to explain something science-related, or who continue arguing with basic facts		3. Unsubstantiated stories of Bill acting completely out of character (getting drunk and desperately trying to pick up women, acting like a diva backstage, etc.). I seriously doubt these are true without any evidence.Relevant xkcd: https://xkcd.com/200/
That's just an unfortunate rumor. Everyone I've heard from that's met him says he's a very nice person. I think some people annoyed him IRL/wouldn't leave him alone or something and got him to be kinda snippy but I've never heard anything about him actually being an asshole.		edit: Since a bunch of people commented back that he is an asshole, I did some research about him. Most of the stories I'm finding of him "being an asshole" boil down to either:		1. People asking him for autographs, which he doesn't like to do (and isn't obligated to do)		2. Bill getting shitty with people who won't listen when he tries to explain something science-related, or who continue arguing with basic facts		3. Unsubstantiated stories of Bill acting completely out of character (getting drunk and desperately trying to pick up women, acting like a diva backstage, etc.). I seriously doubt these are true without any evidence.Point is as far as we know Fred would never treat people the same way Bill has on numerous occasions. They are not on the same level which is what these meme seeks to achieve
That's just an unfortunate rumor. Everyone I've heard from that's met him says he's a very nice person. I think some people annoyed him IRL/wouldn't leave him alone or something and got him to be kinda snippy but I've never heard anything about him actually being an asshole.		edit: Since a bunch of people commented back that he is an asshole, I did some research about him. Most of the stories I'm finding of him "being an asshole" boil down to either:		1. People asking him for autographs, which he doesn't like to do (and isn't obligated to do)		2. Bill getting shitty with people who won't listen when he tries to explain something science-related, or who continue arguing with basic facts		3. Unsubstantiated stories of Bill acting completely out of character (getting drunk and desperately trying to pick up women, acting like a diva backstage, etc.). I seriously doubt these are true without any evidence."Everyone I've talked to who agrees with me is right, everyone who disagrees was just making it up"		There are hundreds of redditors who posted constantly in AMA / Askreddit  saying how disappointed they were in Bill's behavior and attitude when they met him.		And they gave very specific anecdotes with lots of supporting detail. A lot of work from a very large group of people just to besmirch someone. 		I guess what I'm saying is that your evidence seems to be as meaningless as the next guys. 
That's just an unfortunate rumor. Everyone I've heard from that's met him says he's a very nice person. I think some people annoyed him IRL/wouldn't leave him alone or something and got him to be kinda snippy but I've never heard anything about him actually being an asshole.		edit: Since a bunch of people commented back that he is an asshole, I did some research about him. Most of the stories I'm finding of him "being an asshole" boil down to either:		1. People asking him for autographs, which he doesn't like to do (and isn't obligated to do)		2. Bill getting shitty with people who won't listen when he tries to explain something science-related, or who continue arguing with basic facts		3. Unsubstantiated stories of Bill acting completely out of character (getting drunk and desperately trying to pick up women, acting like a diva backstage, etc.). I seriously doubt these are true without any evidence.I'm sure that Bill can be very nice at times which would be why you could hear stories about him being a nice person.		But that doesn't negate the voluminous amounts of first person accounts of how much of a jerk Bill Nye can be at times.		To your points:		* Sure, a celebrity isn't required to sign autographs, but they can politely decline to do so without coming off as an asshat.	* Being shitty to other people, for whatever reason, supports the notion that Bill can be a jerk toward people under other circumstances.	* Acting out of character compared to what? Compared to your impression of him? When there are so many accounts of him being an asshole, at some point don't you think that it's potentially true that that's the way he behaves (at times) and that it's not a worldwide conspiracy to smear his name?
That's just an unfortunate rumor. Everyone I've heard from that's met him says he's a very nice person. I think some people annoyed him IRL/wouldn't leave him alone or something and got him to be kinda snippy but I've never heard anything about him actually being an asshole.		edit: Since a bunch of people commented back that he is an asshole, I did some research about him. Most of the stories I'm finding of him "being an asshole" boil down to either:		1. People asking him for autographs, which he doesn't like to do (and isn't obligated to do)		2. Bill getting shitty with people who won't listen when he tries to explain something science-related, or who continue arguing with basic facts		3. Unsubstantiated stories of Bill acting completely out of character (getting drunk and desperately trying to pick up women, acting like a diva backstage, etc.). I seriously doubt these are true without any evidence.He visited my school last year and I've heard the opposite. :(
That's just an unfortunate rumor. Everyone I've heard from that's met him says he's a very nice person. I think some people annoyed him IRL/wouldn't leave him alone or something and got him to be kinda snippy but I've never heard anything about him actually being an asshole.		edit: Since a bunch of people commented back that he is an asshole, I did some research about him. Most of the stories I'm finding of him "being an asshole" boil down to either:		1. People asking him for autographs, which he doesn't like to do (and isn't obligated to do)		2. Bill getting shitty with people who won't listen when he tries to explain something science-related, or who continue arguing with basic facts		3. Unsubstantiated stories of Bill acting completely out of character (getting drunk and desperately trying to pick up women, acting like a diva backstage, etc.). I seriously doubt these are true without any evidence.I've heard the exact opposite. 
Well, isn't the very nature of celebrities' true nature when interacting with fans that it is inherently hearsay? I mean, the premises of someone like Nye being rude is testimony from people who have met him. It is inherently hearsay.		The question is, does it continue to be hearsay when dozens of people, maybe hundreds come out and say they've also had unsavory experiences with him? I think at that point it's more than just rumours.Firsthand reports of a person being rude to them is not hearsay, it's anecdotal evidence.
Well, isn't the very nature of celebrities' true nature when interacting with fans that it is inherently hearsay? I mean, the premises of someone like Nye being rude is testimony from people who have met him. It is inherently hearsay.		The question is, does it continue to be hearsay when dozens of people, maybe hundreds come out and say they've also had unsavory experiences with him? I think at that point it's more than just rumours.I mean, what do you honestly expect from a guy who has been trying to tell people that climate change is real for decades, and hardly anyone is listening?
I don't think he's a dick, but he came to my school and gave a talk and in the Q&A someone asked if they could get a selfie with him and he got pretty annoyed and said he would "afterward," but then never did. 		I'm not gonna blame him because that would be an annoying, shallow question, but if I were in a position of influence I think I'd want to be the bigger person and be a little more tactful. I did a meet and greet with Greg Proops and another guy from whose line is it anyway and all of the questions were like this and they were really frustrated. 
I don't think he's a dick, but he came to my school and gave a talk and in the Q&A someone asked if they could get a selfie with him and he got pretty annoyed and said he would "afterward," but then never did. 		I'm not gonna blame him because that would be an annoying, shallow question, but if I were in a position of influence I think I'd want to be the bigger person and be a little more tactful. Until more want selfies at which point you set up a booth and sit there JUST for autographs and selfies so he's stopping that before it starts. Actually I'd get annoyed that people are looking for recognition through me via a pic rather than actually doing something for that recognition. As a man of science I could see him taking that stand. Probably has an irl example for it too lol.
I've known people who've lived next to him.  I've been hearing he's a dickhead for almost 30 yearsWell that clears it up. 
Nye was anti-GMO until 2015 when he had a meeting with Monsanto		He's advertised for companies like [Activion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZo1GhaTVuk)		Nye's highest level of education is a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering. His attempts to cover everything with that level of background cause issues when he's claiming a high level of expertise.		For example in his reddit AMA he was wrong about how Bumble bee's fly.He started changing his mind about GMOs when talking about them with Neil DeGrass Tyson. He went to visit Monsanto after this to become better informed about GMOs.		Also, he doesn't claim expertise. He's a science educator, not a scientist. You can't become educated on a topic without overcoming previous ignorance. He learned about GMOs, and freely admitted he was wrong about them. I think that's a pretty great lesson that a lot of people could learn from.
Nye was anti-GMO until 2015 when he had a meeting with Monsanto		He's advertised for companies like [Activion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZo1GhaTVuk)		Nye's highest level of education is a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering. His attempts to cover everything with that level of background cause issues when he's claiming a high level of expertise.		For example in his reddit AMA he was wrong about how Bumble bee's fly.What's wrong with an engineering degree though? 
He's an example of someone who won't change his mind and won't change the subject. It's fine to have your views. What's not fine is insulting people who disagree with you and labeling them as dangerous. 		As a Christian I don't care at all that Bill disagrees with me on topics. What I DO get upset about is him using personal insults when speaking about us. He changed his mind in GMO's and admitted he was wrong. 	    	>"I have revised my outlook"	     	Those were his words on it. So he is someone who changes his mind.
He's an example of someone who won't change his mind and won't change the subject. It's fine to have your views. What's not fine is insulting people who disagree with you and labeling them as dangerous. 		As a Christian I don't care at all that Bill disagrees with me on topics. What I DO get upset about is him using personal insults when speaking about us. > personal insults when speaking about us. 		For instance? Not that I don't believe you, but I've personally never seen him being disrespectful, that I can remember.
I once saw an article that criticized Neil DeGrasse Tyson for "always acting like a know-it-all."		I'm like "Motherfucker, that is what I *want* from Neil and Bill Nye.  That is why I listen to them.  If they are on a talk-show panel or giving a talk, I *want* to get facts and interesting information."	I mean, Neil is kinda rude and very /r/iamverysmart like
Subtitles. They're greeting each other. Dillon!
Subtitles. They're greeting each other. Thank you for that! It was bugging me this whole time. 
People sometimes greet others by just saying their names. Here, Fred is greeting Bill by saying his name, and vice versa. The words aren't labels, they're captions.Shepard.
The thought of that has made me weak!The thought of that has made me weep! 
I love LeVar, but I never want to meet him. It would be too much.I only wanted a picture! You can't disappoint a picture!
I love LeVar, but I never want to meet him. It would be too much.Troy is that you?
I love LeVar, but I never want to meet him. It would be too much.My dad met him. He was as wholesome as you'd ever imagine! 
I love LeVar, but I never want to meet him. It would be too much.He was a guest speaker at my college about a year ago. He walked out and to start sang (as everyone sand along) the Reading Rainbow theme, read his latest children's book, and then spoke about writing and literacy. He was such an earnest, warm man. A young child in the audience asked him what his favourite book was- when he responded he asked the little boy to come up on stage with him so he could talk with him more one-on-one. While answering, I wish I could remember what book he said, he gave the boy the copy of the book he read to the audience. It was quite touching. If you have the chance to see him speak someone, I highly recommend taking advantage of it. 
But it does exist. It exists in our imagination. And Mr Rogers would love that. *sniffs and wipes tear from eye*		 damn, son.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrVfuDx4ET8		Steve Irwin's son is turning into quite the person himself!  His passion is so infectious.He is like the reincarnation of his dad! He is going places.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrVfuDx4ET8		Steve Irwin's son is turning into quite the person himself!  His passion is so infectious.Wow, so young yet so charismatic and well spoken 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrVfuDx4ET8		Steve Irwin's son is turning into quite the person himself!  His passion is so infectious.Wow. That kid really captured the soul of his father. I used to watch Steve all the time, and the way he spoke of the animals and the love that shined through him was always so great to see. It was like listening to a very knowledgeable child tell you about their favorite things. Robert really is cut from the same cloth. He is still so happy and fascinated by these creatures even after working with them his entire life. I hope to see more of this kid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrVfuDx4ET8		Steve Irwin's son is turning into quite the person himself!  His passion is so infectious.This could be a post on here on its own, I love this!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrVfuDx4ET8		Steve Irwin's son is turning into quite the person himself!  His passion is so infectious.wow im crying
Yeah I've been struggling to come to terms with this since I found out about it and I've found the solution I think:		Bill Nye the person *may* be an asshole but Bill Nye the Science Guy was not. BNtSG is a character, and the character is who I will shift my adoration to *if the stories are true*. If they aren't, there's no issue.		Moreover, even *if* Bill Nye is a jerk, that doesn't in any way diminish his contribution to teaching children about science. The work he's done is definitely worth praise, especially nowadays when science education is sorely lacking. I'm not gonna turn my nose up to someone willing to educate people and kids in a fun and engaging way just because he may be an asshole off camera.  I've never seen a solid source for these "Bill Nye is an asshole" stories. He's got a very clear "political agenda," though. It seems to me that the simplest and therefore most likely explanation of these stories is that they are fabricated by those who disagree with Bill's stances in an attempt to discredit him. 
Sure he is. Kids from all across the country got energized and excited about science. He was the highlight of any class period. The best thing your teacher could do was wheel in the TV and pop in Bill Nye. Everyone chanting "BILL BILL BILL". It's unfortunate some people had unpleasant experiences in person, things happen that we may not see or understand. But those negative experiences represent .01% of all interactions we've had with Bill. The rest are like I described above. So I think he's just as influential and wholesome.It's just some people that are political partisans that are butthurt that Bill calls out fatuous claims as fatuous.		Don't worry about these people.
This is true, there was a thread on the worst celebs people have met and there a were a lot of stories about how unpleasant he was.My dad is a pretty science-y and machine type dude and he often just doesn't get how to interact with others. When he's talking about how something works, he's really animated, but you can tell he gets pretty frustrated pretty quickly in social situations. I think this is a little more common for a lot of people are super into science or engineering.
This is true, there was a thread on the worst celebs people have met and there a were a lot of stories about how unpleasant he was.I'd like some sources on these "unpleasant" encounters, please.
His whole show is available on Amazon Prime. My seven year old niece loves him as much as we do.Well shit. I'm now watching the episode my Grandma was in and crying like a little kid getting to see her again. Thanks. Sincerely.
His whole show is available on Amazon Prime. My seven year old niece loves him as much as we do.My youngest nephew was watching Mr. Rogers on Prime today. The kid has a very short attention span and doesn't get into shows, but as I was cooking I heard the most touching thing. Mr. Rogers was on the phone with Mr. McFeely and when he was finished, my nephew said "What did he say, Mr. Wogers??" all intently, as if Fred was just going to genuinely tell him.	And of course...he did.		I loved Mr. Rogers so much as a kid, he was like a second grandfather to me, and this today was so nice.
[removed]D:
[removed]You're not wholesome. Reported.
[removed]A plan so evil it's not good
Wild Kratts is such a great show. I'm so glad it's available on public television.PBS is a gift from God himself.
B1G, if True Gigantic if correct.
Alizarin crimson master racePlease be wholesome, not phlato blue 
Relevant xkcd: https://xkcd.com/200/[Image](http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/bill_nye.png)		[Mobile](https://m.xkcd.com/200/)		**Title:** Bill Nye		**Title-text:** You could at least not wear the lab coat everywhere, dude\.		[Comic Explanation](https://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php/200#Explanation)		**Stats:** This comic has been referenced 38 times, representing 0.0255% of referenced xkcds.		---	^[xkcd.com](https://www.xkcd.com) ^| ^[xkcdsub](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd/) ^| ^[Problems/Bugs?](https://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd_transcriber/) ^| ^[Statistics](http://xkcdref.info/statistics/) ^| ^[StopReplying](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&subject=ignore%20me&message=ignore%20me) ^| ^[Delete](https://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&subject=delete&message=delete%20t1_ddwpise)
"Everyone I've talked to who agrees with me is right, everyone who disagrees was just making it up"		There are hundreds of redditors who posted constantly in AMA / Askreddit  saying how disappointed they were in Bill's behavior and attitude when they met him.		And they gave very specific anecdotes with lots of supporting detail. A lot of work from a very large group of people just to besmirch someone. 		I guess what I'm saying is that your evidence seems to be as meaningless as the next guys. Having not met him, my opinion is completely worthless. I admit that straight up. But I'm not advocating for the "Bill's a saint" position really, just that many of the stories about him being mean seem either explainable or outlandish based on how he seems to act in professional settings (interviews, talks at universities, etc - when he's not on TV to act a part). He could be a terrible person, I guess, but nothing about his professional character seems to suggest it to me, and I know he holds views that would be consistent with having a thoughtful, intelligent, and caring personality. So I'm more "let's not assume the worst stories about him are true" camp. 
I mean, what do you honestly expect from a guy who has been trying to tell people that climate change is real for decades, and hardly anyone is listening?Ah, he's trying to traumatize children that way they're hardened for the coming ice age. I see. Good strategy.
I mean, what do you honestly expect from a guy who has been trying to tell people that climate change is real for decades, and hardly anyone is listening?I don't think him being a complete asshole to both children and adults in public since the 90s has anything to do with climate change. 
I mean, what do you honestly expect from a guy who has been trying to tell people that climate change is real for decades, and hardly anyone is listening?Hardly anyone? Elaborate.
I did a meet and greet with Greg Proops and another guy from whose line is it anyway and all of the questions were like this and they were really frustrated. I wish they would announce "no selfies or other person requests" before opening the mic to the audience.
He started changing his mind about GMOs when talking about them with Neil DeGrass Tyson. He went to visit Monsanto after this to become better informed about GMOs.		Also, he doesn't claim expertise. He's a science educator, not a scientist. You can't become educated on a topic without overcoming previous ignorance. He learned about GMOs, and freely admitted he was wrong about them. I think that's a pretty great lesson that a lot of people could learn from.It's worth remembering that "Bill Nye the Science Guy" started out as a *character* on a sketch comedy show ([Almost Live!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Almost_Live!)). You might say that he's not a scientist but he plays one on TV.
What's wrong with an engineering degree though? Nothings wrong, he just sorta acts like he is a scientist, which he is not 
Which topics do you and Nye disagree on?	Boxers vs. briefs
[removed]Clarify?
I mean, Neil is kinda rude and very /r/iamverysmart likeYup. He gets things wrong a lot, too.
Dillon!You son of a bitch.
Shepard.Wrex.
The thought of that has made me weep! Tortilla wraps aren't made with wheat!
The thought of that has made me weep! The thought of that has made me leak!
I only wanted a picture! You can't disappoint a picture!Set phasers to love me
Troy is that you?Butterfly in the sky.... >_<
*sniffs and wipes tear from eye*		 damn, son.Where did you find this?
He is like the reincarnation of his dad! He is going places.Imagine if everything you knew about your dad came from one of the most beautiful and beloved TV shows ever created, dedicated to teach children to love all creatures.
I've never seen a solid source for these "Bill Nye is an asshole" stories. He's got a very clear "political agenda," though. It seems to me that the simplest and therefore most likely explanation of these stories is that they are fabricated by those who disagree with Bill's stances in an attempt to discredit him. Yeah, I didn't see or hear any stories until after his views became more politicized.		I think the stories probably always existed. I mean, if you meet hundreds of people a year, not everybodies going to walk away happy about it. People can interpret things as being mean and rude when they're really not meant to be, especially when they have expectations that might not be realistic.		I think the difference is that once he became viewed as more of a political figure, the stories that existed just got a little more legs on them, and perhaps got emphasized a little more negatively. 
[removed]Maybe he just doesn't like getting shouted at in the theater
Well shit. I'm now watching the episode my Grandma was in and crying like a little kid getting to see her again. Thanks. Sincerely.Which episode?
Well shit. I'm now watching the episode my Grandma was in and crying like a little kid getting to see her again. Thanks. Sincerely.Looks like it's on [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5i6nEVIHWY) too if you ever need it. I'm assuming she's the nice lady who drives the school bus?
My youngest nephew was watching Mr. Rogers on Prime today. The kid has a very short attention span and doesn't get into shows, but as I was cooking I heard the most touching thing. Mr. Rogers was on the phone with Mr. McFeely and when he was finished, my nephew said "What did he say, Mr. Wogers??" all intently, as if Fred was just going to genuinely tell him.	And of course...he did.		I loved Mr. Rogers so much as a kid, he was like a second grandfather to me, and this today was so nice.Right in the feels. Seriously. I cried more when Mr. Rogers died than when my grandpa died.
D:He actually has a new show coming to Netflix
Gigantic if correct.Sizable if factual
Nothings wrong, he just sorta acts like he is a scientist, which he is not Why isn't he a scientist? An engineering degree requires a background in science and math. Are you saying that engineers don't practice science? The only difference between science and engineering degrees are that engineers are licensed to build things and that scientists focus a bit more on theoretical stuff, and observation. To say that they aren't closely related is disingenuous. And to say that an engineering degree doesn't allow someone to be a science teacher means you really don't understand how closely related they are. A chemistry degree and a chemical engineering share the same classes for the first two and a half years of school, for instance. They switch their focus a bit at the end of the program, but they are so closely related that someone walking out of the school with either degree could probably function fine at majority of the same jobs out of school, though the engineer would know more about heat transfer and pumps, while the chemist would know more about biochemistry and practical lab work.  		
There is a video floating around of him taking a tour with some iconic religious guy around a anti-science museum that made a lot of broad claims using poor reasoning about things like Global Warming, and the earth's age.		During that video, he was very condescending towards the person giving him the tour. I totally agreed he was being a dick, but a dick to someone who probably deserved it by spreading false information.You mean Ken Ham?  The guy who made a museum that would almost deliberately misinform anyone who attended it?  A museum based on the Bible and little to no science at all?  A museum that claims humans and dinosaurs coexisted, when scientific evidence claims otherwise?		I'd say Bill was completely justified in that regard.
Only 48% of people believe climate change is caused by human activities. We should jail the other 52%?		http://www.pewinternet.org/2016/10/04/public-views-on-climate-change-and-climate-scientists/I think he's suggesting that we prosecute people who intentionally misled the public about the reality of climate change for financial gain. I think that might be a difficult thing to do and a difficult case to make, especially in the current political climate, but I don't disagree with it in principle.
Only 48% of people believe climate change is caused by human activities. We should jail the other 52%?		http://www.pewinternet.org/2016/10/04/public-views-on-climate-change-and-climate-scientists/If you read the article, you'll see that he wasn't suggesting we jail 52% of the public(That doesn't feel like an accurate number either idk. I'll look into it more.). Nye said this: "Was it appropriate to jail people from the cigarette industry who insisted that this addictive product was not addictive, and so on?".
You son of a bitch.
Wrex.DONKEY!
Wrex.Grunt?
Tortilla wraps aren't made with wheat!What if it's wholesome 9-grain wheat?
Tortilla wraps aren't made with wheat!SCIENCE RULES! 
Tortilla wraps aren't made with wheat!And miles to go before I sleep,  	And miles to go before I sleep
The thought of that has made me leak!/r/GoneWholesome
Seems likely. Off-camera he's not Bill Nye, he's Bill the fucking Boss. Im sure much of what he does has to do with the same agenda, he has something he's working to accomplish in life. There are deadlines to be made and time is on nobody's side. If you were tired doing your daily job as a crewmember just collecting a check, and you weren't really 'with' the big picture of things, I can see how Bill can come off as an asshole to you for not having your shit straight. Man probably runs a tight ship.It's like the people on Hell's Kitchen or Kitchen Nightmares who call Chef Ramsay an asshole. 		He's not. You're just a shitty cook and he doesn't have time for your bullshit because he's busy elevating.  		Replace cooking with science education for Nye.
Which episode?1465, Mr. Rogers Goes to School
Looks like it's on [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5i6nEVIHWY) too if you ever need it. I'm assuming she's the nice lady who drives the school bus?Yes, she was.
He actually has a new show coming to NetflixSeriously?! What's it about? I mean I could Google it but I have no friends and I like conversation
Sizable if factualElephantine, assuming legitimacy 
Why isn't he a scientist? An engineering degree requires a background in science and math. Are you saying that engineers don't practice science? The only difference between science and engineering degrees are that engineers are licensed to build things and that scientists focus a bit more on theoretical stuff, and observation. To say that they aren't closely related is disingenuous. And to say that an engineering degree doesn't allow someone to be a science teacher means you really don't understand how closely related they are. A chemistry degree and a chemical engineering share the same classes for the first two and a half years of school, for instance. They switch their focus a bit at the end of the program, but they are so closely related that someone walking out of the school with either degree could probably function fine at majority of the same jobs out of school, though the engineer would know more about heat transfer and pumps, while the chemist would know more about biochemistry and practical lab work.  		Engineers are not scientists the same way mechanics aren't engineers and computer scientists aren't developers. It's by the definition of the words themselves.		My Eli5 version of definitions:		* Scientists are people actively pursuing new information on a topic. This is a pure research position.		* Engineers design things to be built using scientific findings. This is an applied science position.		His main professions today are author, producer, and actor/host. You can say he's an ex engineer, and knowledgeable of science, but he's currently neither a scientist nor an engineer. It's semantics.
[removed]Tis wholesomememes bronado. One of the few places we actually try to be kind, even in our disagreement. 		And I'm active on 4chan and dankmemes so yeah my skin is plenty thick lol. The point is a higher level of civility is expected here :)

This is probably exactly how the script was written
DONKEY!STEEEELLLLAAAAAAAAA!
Grunt?Groot!
What if it's wholesome 9-grain wheat?Then you can ingest dem wholesome memes?
And miles to go before I sleep,  	And miles to go before I sleepI do love me some Robert Frost 
/r/GoneWholesome"No threads here"		Aww
1465, Mr. Rogers Goes to SchoolTrump's admin is [reportedly](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-budget-cut-public-broadcasting-npr-pbs-national-endowment-arts-a7588271.html) planning to slash NPR and PBS funding.			[Here is Fred Rogers defending PBS to the US Senate in response to significant proposed cuts by President Nixon]	(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXEuEUQIP3Q)
1465, Mr. Rogers Goes to Schoolhttp://www.neighborhoodarchive.com/mrn/episodes/1465/index.html
Seriously?! What's it about? I mean I could Google it but I have no friends and I like conversationIt's basically an adult version of Bill Nye the Science Guy with a bunch of guests.  He'll teach about topics like climate change, sex, and natural selection.  I'm pretty stoked.
STEEEELLLLAAAAAAAAA!Revolver Ocelot. 
Then you can ingest dem wholesome memes?smoke dank wholesome memes
Trump's admin is [reportedly](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-budget-cut-public-broadcasting-npr-pbs-national-endowment-arts-a7588271.html) planning to slash NPR and PBS funding.			[Here is Fred Rogers defending PBS to the US Senate in response to significant proposed cuts by President Nixon]	(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXEuEUQIP3Q)Not to get political here, but watch that amazing video, including the committee member's genuine reaction, then imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers. Frankly, I cringe.
Trump's admin is [reportedly](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-budget-cut-public-broadcasting-npr-pbs-national-endowment-arts-a7588271.html) planning to slash NPR and PBS funding.			[Here is Fred Rogers defending PBS to the US Senate in response to significant proposed cuts by President Nixon]	(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXEuEUQIP3Q)Holy crap! I knew he was a good person. This shows just how much he actually cared about children and their growth.  I wish we had more people like him.
Trump's admin is [reportedly](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-budget-cut-public-broadcasting-npr-pbs-national-endowment-arts-a7588271.html) planning to slash NPR and PBS funding.			[Here is Fred Rogers defending PBS to the US Senate in response to significant proposed cuts by President Nixon]	(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXEuEUQIP3Q)just in case we needed another reason to dislike the Trump administration
http://www.neighborhoodarchive.com/mrn/episodes/1465/index.htmlWant more? Consider donating to PBS, or at least Fred Rogers Company. Quality children	's programming has to come from somewhere. 
It's basically an adult version of Bill Nye the Science Guy with a bunch of guests.  He'll teach about topics like climate change, sex, and natural selection.  I'm pretty stoked.Those were the best days in school, having the teacher roll the TV in and watching Bill Nye the Science Guy videos... BILL BILL BILL BILL
Revolver Ocelot. Metal Gear?!
smoke dank wholesome memesWholesome smoke dank memes
smoke dank wholesome memesMoms spaghetti 
Not to get political here, but watch that amazing video, including the committee member's genuine reaction, then imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers. Frankly, I cringe.>imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers.		This is probably more along his way of thinking:	https://youtu.be/29lmR_357rA
Not to get political here, but watch that amazing video, including the committee member's genuine reaction, then imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers. Frankly, I cringe.It makes me sad, because I don't even think Trump would understand. In his mind, he'd probably be thinking "but how does it make or save the government money?" ..and there are legitimate answers to that question, but that's not what Rogers was about. He wanted all children to be educated, he wanted them to be comfortable in their own skin, and he wanted them to know that it was ok to *feel things* and not be ashamed.		There's just no way he could tell Trump those things and expect reasonable responses or even a reasonable debate.
just in case we needed another reason to dislike the Trump administrationI love all of you guys 
Want more? Consider donating to PBS, or at least Fred Rogers Company. Quality children	's programming has to come from somewhere. And call your congressman to ensure that PBS's budget stays intact!!
Those were the best days in school, having the teacher roll the TV in and watching Bill Nye the Science Guy videos... BILL BILL BILL BILL[Relevant](http://lolworthy.com/funny/has-anyone-seen-america-bill-nye-comic/)
Wholesome smoke dank memesBut don't smoke so much that you lose sight of your wholesome dreams!
>imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers.		This is probably more along his way of thinking:	https://youtu.be/29lmR_357rAI couldn't watch more than 90 seconds. Were they for real?! They are broken individuals. Any one putting down Mr. Roger's Neighborhood is a flawed individual and doesn't understand the needs of very young children. I'm not in the "give every kid a trophy" camp at all- children need to be taught the value of perseverance and the self-reward of a job well done. But not at 3 years old! 
>imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers.		This is probably more along his way of thinking:	https://youtu.be/29lmR_357rAOh my god that is the video I hate the most on the internet now.
>imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers.		This is probably more along his way of thinking:	https://youtu.be/29lmR_357rALmao who thought it was a good idea to spend 6 minutes roasting a children's show? I mean I get it, you can't accidently let kids think they're snowflakes, it'll be the end of the world. I just think Goebbels is reaching a bit to call Mr. Rogers evil.
>imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers.		This is probably more along his way of thinking:	https://youtu.be/29lmR_357rAThose fucking twat waffles realize that Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood started in 1968, right? So there was an entire generation that watched it before the so called "entitled generation" they are harping on? Why didn't his show effect them negatively? Why would two different groups exposed to the same thing be so different in their eyes? It's almost like it has nothing to do with a fucking children's program...
>imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers.		This is probably more along his way of thinking:	https://youtu.be/29lmR_357rAWords really can't express how angry I get when I hear stuff like this coming from the generation who makes me search their email for them.
>imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers.		This is probably more along his way of thinking:	https://youtu.be/29lmR_357rAThis is like the kind of thing SNL would make mocking the idea of Fox and Friends. 
>imagine having to convince Trump of the value of Mr Rogers.		This is probably more along his way of thinking:	https://youtu.be/29lmR_357rAMr. Rogers would've said their opinion was as valid as anyone else's, and he would have been unironically proud of them for being on TV and able to speak with millions of people about it.
It makes me sad, because I don't even think Trump would understand. In his mind, he'd probably be thinking "but how does it make or save the government money?" ..and there are legitimate answers to that question, but that's not what Rogers was about. He wanted all children to be educated, he wanted them to be comfortable in their own skin, and he wanted them to know that it was ok to *feel things* and not be ashamed.		There's just no way he could tell Trump those things and expect reasonable responses or even a reasonable debate.That would require Trump to feel human empathy, or something other than contempt for the feelings of others.
the committee member was a Democrat. Why does that matter?
That's a waste of money because Trumps cabinet is allegedly pulling funding for PBS Sounds like the perfect time to donate to PBS, actually
That's a waste of money because Trumps cabinet is allegedly pulling funding for PBS PBS is only partially funded by the government.  If Trump pulls funding PBS will survive if people donate more.
[Relevant](http://lolworthy.com/funny/has-anyone-seen-america-bill-nye-comic/)Awesome. 
