Doggos just want us to feel safe.Good boys alarm us, that's why every dog alarms us. 
Doggos just want us to feel safe.My dog barks at everything and everyone who dare to walk within 200 meters from my house. Nobody has killed her nor me, so there is absolutely no reason to stop barking and risk having everyone get killed! 		I think that is her reasoning when I try to tell her "stop barking, please"...
Doggos just want us to feel safe.Sometimes I really wish dogs could speak
Doggos just want us to feel safe.This sub should really be called /r/gooddoggos. I'm not complaining though, I love dogs.
Doggos just want us to feel safe.[EVERYBODY STAY F*CKING CALM](http://imgur.com/gallery/msxBg)
Doggos just want us to feel safe.b e s t b o y e
Doggos just want us to feel safe.Anyone else see the lines on the floor and think the dog slid to the middle of the room like it was on wheels?
Good boys alarm us, that's why every dog alarms us. They just want us to be in the loop too. They're doing their job as part of the pack, which is why if I bark first my dog won't start barking
Good boys alarm us, that's why every dog alarms us. They do! I adopted one some months ago and he starts barking everytime somebody's around my property... I kinda feel more secure if he starts barking while I'm chilling. It's a good head up to take a look out from the window to see what's going on.
Good boys alarm us, that's why every dog alarms us. They're good dogs bront 
My dog barks at everything and everyone who dare to walk within 200 meters from my house. Nobody has killed her nor me, so there is absolutely no reason to stop barking and risk having everyone get killed! 		I think that is her reasoning when I try to tell her "stop barking, please"...My dad's theory is dogs think they actually are keeping people away, since people walk perpendicular to the house along the sidewalk and our dog basically just believes: people appear, she barks, they go away (keep walking) and she's the hero.
My dog barks at everything and everyone who dare to walk within 200 meters from my house. Nobody has killed her nor me, so there is absolutely no reason to stop barking and risk having everyone get killed! 		I think that is her reasoning when I try to tell her "stop barking, please"...I have three Dachshunds.  		Wind blowing outside? ITS THE APOCALYPSE!  		Someone shut a car door too loud? RUN FOR YOUR LIVES YOU FOOLS! 		Every. Damn. Day.
My dog barks at everything and everyone who dare to walk within 200 meters from my house. Nobody has killed her nor me, so there is absolutely no reason to stop barking and risk having everyone get killed! 		I think that is her reasoning when I try to tell her "stop barking, please"...It's easier to train them to do something than to stop doing something. So up can try teaching her to fetch a toy or something 
Sometimes I really wish dogs could speakOnly sometimes. Because other times it will be "dad's butt smells like hotdogs, I better get a better whiff in case there's any left over" or "dang! Mom put some fresh bloody treats in the bathroom trash for me. She's the best"
Sometimes I really wish dogs could speak>hey! Hey! hey! HEY! HEY! hey! HEY! HEEEEEEEY!
Sometimes I really wish dogs could speakI know I just ate dinner and had snacks all day but are you going to eat that toothbrush?
This sub should really be called /r/gooddoggos. I'm not complaining though, I love dogs./r/rarepuppers already exists!	
This sub should really be called /r/gooddoggos. I'm not complaining though, I love dogs.Aint nothing more wholesome than a good doggo 
This sub should really be called /r/gooddoggos. I'm not complaining though, I love dogs.Someone went ahead and granted your wish! 
b e s t b o y ethen again, fren, everyboye is bestboye
They just want us to be in the loop too. They're doing their job as part of the pack, which is why if I bark first my dog won't start barkingIf I howl my dog will start singing. If I talk to my dog she will reply with some sassy roofs and woofs. 
They just want us to be in the loop too. They're doing their job as part of the pack, which is why if I bark first my dog won't start barkingMine either.  Lots of confused looks when I roll her on her back and lock my jaws around her neck. 
My dad's theory is dogs think they actually are keeping people away, since people walk perpendicular to the house along the sidewalk and our dog basically just believes: people appear, she barks, they go away (keep walking) and she's the hero.Sound logic. 
I have three Dachshunds.  		Wind blowing outside? ITS THE APOCALYPSE!  		Someone shut a car door too loud? RUN FOR YOUR LIVES YOU FOOLS! 		Every. Damn. Day.Have dachshund mix, can confirm. Teaching annoying anxious behaviour to our lab too. Yay -_- gotta love them though and their weird burrowing ways. 
I have three Dachshunds.  		Wind blowing outside? ITS THE APOCALYPSE!  		Someone shut a car door too loud? RUN FOR YOUR LIVES YOU FOOLS! 		Every. Damn. Day.And there's just no way you can train that out of them. Dachshunds amplify each other's bad behavior.
It's easier to train them to do something than to stop doing something. So up can try teaching her to fetch a toy or something Indeed! I tried and tried to get her to NOT bark at people, it was completely useless; not even shaming worked and that is pretty much how far I am willing to go when it comes to "punishing" my dog... So, I gave up on that and instead I trained her to not bark as loud.. Now she just like breaths really hard, like IF she were to bark, but with much less sound. I am happy with this arrangement, She gets to make sure everyone is safe and I won't need hearing aids...
Only sometimes. Because other times it will be "dad's butt smells like hotdogs, I better get a better whiff in case there's any left over" or "dang! Mom put some fresh bloody treats in the bathroom trash for me. She's the best"Ball! 	Ball! 	Ball! 	I love that ball!	Ball!	Ball!	Ball?	Ball!	You throwing it?	Throw the ball!	Ball!	I want the ball!	Ball!	Oh you thrown it!	Wait where it's gone?	Hmmmmm	Oh shit!	It's still in your hand!	Ball!	Ball!	There it goes!	Ballballballball!
Only sometimes. Because other times it will be "dad's butt smells like hotdogs, I better get a better whiff in case there's any left over" or "dang! Mom put some fresh bloody treats in the bathroom trash for me. She's the best""Mom's farts are louder, and she picks out bigger boogers."  =-/
Only sometimes. Because other times it will be "dad's butt smells like hotdogs, I better get a better whiff in case there's any left over" or "dang! Mom put some fresh bloody treats in the bathroom trash for me. She's the best"[removed]
/r/rarepuppers already exists!	One sub is not really enough for truly good dogs though.
Aint nothing more wholesome than a good doggo I'm just happy these past couple years doggos has risen in popularity online up to the scale of cats, just like they good boys deserve.
I am. I came here for wholesome memes, not dogsThey're wholesome dogs creed10.
I am. I came here for wholesome memes, not dogsDownvoting him is not wholesome friends, lets just not upvote when we disagree.
If I howl my dog will start singing. If I talk to my dog she will reply with some sassy roofs and woofs. I just whispered "sassy roofs and woofs" to myself at work and now I can't stop giggling.
If I howl my dog will start singing. If I talk to my dog she will reply with some sassy roofs and woofs. I'm sitting in my car barking and howling right now thanks
Mine either.  Lots of confused looks when I roll her on her back and lock my jaws around her neck. I get the same thing from my wife. Humans are weird
Ball! 	Ball! 	Ball! 	I love that ball!	Ball!	Ball!	Ball?	Ball!	You throwing it?	Throw the ball!	Ball!	I want the ball!	Ball!	Oh you thrown it!	Wait where it's gone?	Hmmmmm	Oh shit!	It's still in your hand!	Ball!	Ball!	There it goes!	Ballballballball!Mine was the same, but instead of "ball" it was "food". I swear that dog loved food slightly more than he loved me. 
"Mom's farts are louder, and she picks out bigger boogers."  =-/"I eat them after she wipes them on the underside of the couch"
One sub is not really enough for truly good dogs though.vv GOOD point
One sub is not really enough for truly good dogs though.They're good dogs Bront
I'm just happy these past couple years doggos has risen in popularity online up to the scale of cats, just like they good boys deserve.The best b o y e s
I just whispered "sassy roofs and woofs" to myself at work and now I can't stop giggling.Okay,  I said it aloud. Its ridiculous. This will be said to my dog in public.		"I've had it with your shenanigans, and your sassy roofs and woofs."
I just whispered "sassy roofs and woofs" to myself at work and now I can't stop giggling.This is seriously my favorite subreddit. Thank you guys for being so uplifting and entertaining.
I just whispered "sassy roofs and woofs" to myself at work and now I can't stop giggling.I fostered this dog and he was SUPER sarcastic. Whenever I couldn't play with him, he'd go to a corner, lay down, cross his paws, lay his head down on his paws, let out a super long sigh/grunt, then just stare at me and my roommate. 
I'm sitting in my car barking and howling right now thanksYou mean roofing and woofing? Sassily? 
I get the same thing from my wife. Humans are weirdSame except it wasn't my wife and now I'm no longer allowed in the grocery store
Do you mind if I ask how you trained her to do that? 	And does she bark loudly (as in, normally) if there are any actual threats? well.. ok.. so... where i sit at my computer there is a window that good view. before she would occationally stand there and just watch, and when she spotted murderers she would bark inkredibly loud... like junp out of my seat loud... yelling at a dog yelling does not work.. apparently the dog interprets this as 'support'...		so what i started doing was to bark with her... but much much quieter... like i was breathing hard... short thrusts (?) over the course of a few months or something she 'stopped' barking at things outside, and now instead she has these short bursts of hard breathing... 		she barks wery loud when the dorbell rings thoug.. so.. guess it was spesific... 'when at this place and murders come bark like owner'	
"I eat them after she wipes them on the underside of the couch"If the kids don't get to them first!
This is seriously my favorite subreddit. Thank you guys for being so uplifting and entertaining.Thank you for stopping by and appreciating our wholesome memes. 
Thank you for stopping by and appreciating our wholesome memes. Thank you for welcoming the guy stopping by!
Thank you for thanking the guy for welcoming the guy for stopping by I would I would in a boat, on a train, in the rain. I most absolutely would welcome a guy who thanked that other guy!You're welcome.
