Comedian Josh JohnsonI don't know who this comedian is (I'm generally pretty oblivious about these things though) but I'm happy this is a thing that happened. His teacher looks so happy and proud.
Comedian Josh JohnsonWhat a great guy
Comedian Josh JohnsonYou never know how much a bit of encouragement can mean to someone.
Comedian Josh JohnsonAs a teacher this really warms my heart.  They both just inspired me to be a better educator as well.  Sometimes you never know how much your kindness and motivation will ripple across the universe.   
Comedian Josh JohnsonSource https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xg	
Comedian Josh JohnsonThis is the subreddit that keeps me going on this website. 
Comedian Josh JohnsonThis hits he so much. Thank you! 	My High-school teacher ask me to give a speech in front of my former High-school since I graduated college and work in films. Never felt more honor in my life but he felt even more. I took his computer science classes. Love you Mr.Pendleton you taught me everything and helped found my passion. 
Comedian Josh JohnsonI had a high school art teacher say she's gonna see my name in the credits of an animated film someday... Welp... still working at it 10 years later, maybe someday :/
Comedian Josh JohnsonNow that's cool.
Comedian Josh Johnson My improv troupe is putting on a show Monday -- our first ever. This sub makes me feel ready to take it on, even though it's kinda daunting. Thanks guys!
Comedian Josh JohnsonThis was nice I enjoyed this thoroughly.
Comedian Josh JohnsonThat's hecking awesome. 
Comedian Josh JohnsonI'm proud of that guy.  I've dreamed of being a comedian but my life took me to other places.  Awesome that he had a teacher who believed and the talent to make it!!  In the words of senator Palpatine, I "will watch your career with great interest."
Comedian Josh JohnsonI might cry! This is so wholesome 
Comedian Josh JohnsonI just want to say that I love this sub.
Comedian Josh JohnsonThat's so lovely!	It costs nothing to encourage an artist!
Hello! I hope everyone is having an excellent day. What a nice gif! Please be sure to share it with us at  /r/wholesomegifs also! We'd love to see you there as well.		Thanks! I appreciate you all. 		*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wholesomememes) if you have any questions or concerns.*This bot sounds like the doors from Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Hello! I hope everyone is having an excellent day. What a nice gif! Please be sure to share it with us at  /r/wholesomegifs also! We'd love to see you there as well.		Thanks! I appreciate you all. 		*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wholesomememes) if you have any questions or concerns.*I appreciate you AutoMod!
Hello! I hope everyone is having an excellent day. What a nice gif! Please be sure to share it with us at  /r/wholesomegifs also! We'd love to see you there as well.		Thanks! I appreciate you all. 		*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wholesomememes) if you have any questions or concerns.*Nicest bot ever.
I don't know who this comedian is (I'm generally pretty oblivious about these things though) but I'm happy this is a thing that happened. His teacher looks so happy and proud.The tonight show is often a stand ups big break. Johnson probably did the 	stand up circuit in clubs and bars for a few years before getting invited to the tonight show. From here, he'll probably have more opportunities to do bigger media appearances, as well as more high-profile stand up. That's why the tonight show is such a big deal for comedians, and why the teachers encouragement (prediction!) means so much. 		So you may hear more from him soon :)  
What a great guyNot sure who you're referring to, the comedian or the teacher, but both would be accurate. 		The teacher looks like the type to be an inspirational, all-around cool dude.	
What a great guyI went to high school and played soccer with Josh. He was a year older than me, and by far the funniest guy. He was very nice and Mr. Ward was a very popular teach at our school. I haven't talk to josh since 2009. This blows my mind to see someone from our small town on here, so happy he has made it. 
What a great guyYou're a pretty great guy 
You never know how much a bit of encouragement can mean to someone.I was thinking the same thing. Sometimes it's just that small simple gesture. It's weird how it works you know. Just a small word of meaningful encouragement that is never forgotten.
You never know how much a bit of encouragement can mean to someone.I got my SAT scores back today and I was really worried about them but I wound up doing really well. It was very nice to hear people tell me that I did a good job. It feels great to succeed and to be recognized for it by your friends. :)
You never know how much a bit of encouragement can mean to someone.[While it is always best to believe in oneself, a little help from others can be a great blessing!](https://youtu.be/j8HaQDRZDDk?t=49)
You never know how much a bit of encouragement can mean to someone.Some days it's easy to give up on something you love or want to do. Sometimes all it takes is a little word of encouragement like this to keep you going.
As a teacher this really warms my heart.  They both just inspired me to be a better educator as well.  Sometimes you never know how much your kindness and motivation will ripple across the universe.   I was a boy from one of the poorer sides of my county (Hispanic).  In the tenth grade, I felt like quitting and getting a job somewhere.   I had not told anybody.  After scores for a quiz were being given to us, my biology teacher says (loudly, so everybody heard), "You could be an engineer or a doctor."    That was enough for me to delay my planned dropping out.  I eventually earned a CS degree.    I never thanked my teacher.  So, I guess he never learned he made a difference.
As a teacher this really warms my heart.  They both just inspired me to be a better educator as well.  Sometimes you never know how much your kindness and motivation will ripple across the universe.   Thank you for being inspired by this :) it is so nice to see committed teachers! This is the type of people everyone can look up to, I hope you pass it on to your students!
As a teacher this really warms my heart.  They both just inspired me to be a better educator as well.  Sometimes you never know how much your kindness and motivation will ripple across the universe.   First year teacher here, working in a school you see how much the kids are effected by good teachers. I'm sure you make a difference in loads of their lives already.
As a teacher this really warms my heart.  They both just inspired me to be a better educator as well.  Sometimes you never know how much your kindness and motivation will ripple across the universe.   I hope your students think you're that one cool professor.
Source https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xg	The emotion in the teachers eyes and the way the panel applauded was really great to see. Thanks!
Source https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xg	Thank you very much man. I'm going to watch this now and probably cry.		EDIT: AW FUCK MAN I WAS RIGHT.
Source https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xg	The moment in question is at the end of the video, around 6:06.
Source https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xg	I really liked his composure and pacing. Reminds me of a really smiley and amiable Donald Glover (not that Glover isn't amiable). 
Source https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xg	Didnt really care for the stadup bit... but I would love to hear more of his work. He intrigues me in that he has the style and talent to be very good, but the jokes were lacking. Except the party bit. But like the fan was lame. 		
This is the subreddit that keeps me going on this website. Me too, thanks!
This is the subreddit that keeps me going on this website. I got really bad news this past week. This sub has really, honestly lifted me to a better place. 
This hits he so much. Thank you! 	My High-school teacher ask me to give a speech in front of my former High-school since I graduated college and work in films. Never felt more honor in my life but he felt even more. I took his computer science classes. Love you Mr.Pendleton you taught me everything and helped found my passion. You want mr. Pendleton to know your username?
I had a high school art teacher say she's gonna see my name in the credits of an animated film someday... Welp... still working at it 10 years later, maybe someday :/I believe in you, just keep working at it, I know you will someday.
I had a high school art teacher say she's gonna see my name in the credits of an animated film someday... Welp... still working at it 10 years later, maybe someday :/I believe in you
I had a high school art teacher say she's gonna see my name in the credits of an animated film someday... Welp... still working at it 10 years later, maybe someday :/I'm sure it'll happen some day friendo :)
I had a high school art teacher say she's gonna see my name in the credits of an animated film someday... Welp... still working at it 10 years later, maybe someday :/The most important part is that you're still working and practicing at it. 
 My improv troupe is putting on a show Monday -- our first ever. This sub makes me feel ready to take it on, even though it's kinda daunting. Thanks guys!Our best wishes for you and your troupe :)
This was nice I enjoyed this thoroughly.I forgot to say thank you for sharing, I apologize.
I just want to say that I love this sub.I just want to say that we love you back :)
how is this a meme?Anything can be a meme if you believe in yourself ;)
[removed]Well that's not very wholesome, is it.
The tonight show is often a stand ups big break. Johnson probably did the 	stand up circuit in clubs and bars for a few years before getting invited to the tonight show. From here, he'll probably have more opportunities to do bigger media appearances, as well as more high-profile stand up. That's why the tonight show is such a big deal for comedians, and why the teachers encouragement (prediction!) means so much. 		So you may hear more from him soon :)  Cool, thanks for the info! Hopefully it was good exposure for him :) 
The tonight show is often a stand ups big break. Johnson probably did the 	stand up circuit in clubs and bars for a few years before getting invited to the tonight show. From here, he'll probably have more opportunities to do bigger media appearances, as well as more high-profile stand up. That's why the tonight show is such a big deal for comedians, and why the teachers encouragement (prediction!) means so much. 		So you may hear more from him soon :)  Yep. That's what happened. Source: I know him. We went to college together.
The tonight show is often a stand ups big break. Johnson probably did the 	stand up circuit in clubs and bars for a few years before getting invited to the tonight show. From here, he'll probably have more opportunities to do bigger media appearances, as well as more high-profile stand up. That's why the tonight show is such a big deal for comedians, and why the teachers encouragement (prediction!) means so much. 		So you may hear more from him soon :)  I've seen him a few times when he used to do stand up in Chicago; he's friends with some of my stand up friends, and they all say he's a super cool guy and really nice.
Not sure who you're referring to, the comedian or the teacher, but both would be accurate. 		The teacher looks like the type to be an inspirational, all-around cool dude.	You're an all around cool dude :)
Not sure who you're referring to, the comedian or the teacher, but both would be accurate. 		The teacher looks like the type to be an inspirational, all-around cool dude.	He looks so happy I can't help but smile!!
Not sure who you're referring to, the comedian or the teacher, but both would be accurate. 		The teacher looks like the type to be an inspirational, all-around cool dude.	Man, I love your username! It made me giggle with delight. :)
I went to high school and played soccer with Josh. He was a year older than me, and by far the funniest guy. He was very nice and Mr. Ward was a very popular teach at our school. I haven't talk to josh since 2009. This blows my mind to see someone from our small town on here, so happy he has made it. I went to high school with Josh.  Probably different one.  Got a girl pregnant in 2008 and last I knew worked at a gas station in 2015.  Probably work there till he's 70 and has to quit without any savings.  Who knows, life is weird.
You're a pretty great guy You too! 
I was thinking the same thing. Sometimes it's just that small simple gesture. It's weird how it works you know. Just a small word of meaningful encouragement that is never forgotten.[deleted]
I was thinking the same thing. Sometimes it's just that small simple gesture. It's weird how it works you know. Just a small word of meaningful encouragement that is never forgotten.I had a professor that told me "If you saw what I saw in you, you'd understand that everything will be alright." That small moment honestly changed my life.
I got my SAT scores back today and I was really worried about them but I wound up doing really well. It was very nice to hear people tell me that I did a good job. It feels great to succeed and to be recognized for it by your friends. :)Same here, how'd you do?
I was a boy from one of the poorer sides of my county (Hispanic).  In the tenth grade, I felt like quitting and getting a job somewhere.   I had not told anybody.  After scores for a quiz were being given to us, my biology teacher says (loudly, so everybody heard), "You could be an engineer or a doctor."    That was enough for me to delay my planned dropping out.  I eventually earned a CS degree.    I never thanked my teacher.  So, I guess he never learned he made a difference.Find him and shoot him an e-mail if you can! 		He'd appreciate it! 		From a teacher - thanks for the story! 
I was a boy from one of the poorer sides of my county (Hispanic).  In the tenth grade, I felt like quitting and getting a job somewhere.   I had not told anybody.  After scores for a quiz were being given to us, my biology teacher says (loudly, so everybody heard), "You could be an engineer or a doctor."    That was enough for me to delay my planned dropping out.  I eventually earned a CS degree.    I never thanked my teacher.  So, I guess he never learned he made a difference.It's not too late to contact him (or his family in case he's passed)
[removed]Thats not very wholesome :( 
Thank you very much man. I'm going to watch this now and probably cry.		EDIT: AW FUCK MAN I WAS RIGHT.If you cry watching a standup he might be doing it wrong...
Thank you very much man. I'm going to watch this now and probably cry.		EDIT: AW FUCK MAN I WAS RIGHT.Goddamn it got me too.
The moment in question is at the end of the video, around 6:06.And the stand up was really good too, the guy knows how to make fun of himself and killed it!
Didnt really care for the stadup bit... but I would love to hear more of his work. He intrigues me in that he has the style and talent to be very good, but the jokes were lacking. Except the party bit. But like the fan was lame. 		Comedy is tough. 		You can absolutely hit it out of the park one night. Then do the exact same bit another night and not have a single laugh. People are so different it's incredible. 
Didnt really care for the stadup bit... but I would love to hear more of his work. He intrigues me in that he has the style and talent to be very good, but the jokes were lacking. Except the party bit. But like the fan was lame. 		honestly I think it's a matter of pacing. If he picked he up just a bit, plus some experience under his belt, he'd absolutely kill it. That whole "he just needs a nap" was hilarious but could've been delivered with a little more umph. That being said, the dude has talent. Way better than anything most people could have done
Me too, thanks!There's something about seeing that on this sub, and having it be wholesome, but I don't know what it is
I believe in youAnd I believe in you u/kingofbongoz, [here is a link to a cool bongo gif (which I assume you would like given your username).](http://i.imgur.com/e8ZeK3e.gif).   
I forgot to say thank you for sharing, I apologize.Thank you for showing appreciation to yourself. Truly, a zen, and wholesomememe, master.
Cool, thanks for the info! Hopefully it was good exposure for him :) I'd say it was. I thought his stand up was hilarious last night on the tonight show, so I went and watched a few of his videos on YouTube and dude is a great comedian. 		Here he is on The Tonight Show:		https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xg
You're an all around cool dude :)I love how it's cool to be kind in 2017 :)	/r/wholesomememes 		Edit: Wow thanks guys! This is my first 1k+ upvotes comment and it made my morning to see all the positivity in the replies. Hope you all have a fantastic day :)
You're an all around cool dude :)Is this what this subreddit is like? Everyone is so positive! I'm going to visit here more often :) 
You're an all around cool dude :)I love this sub
I went to high school with Josh.  Probably different one.  Got a girl pregnant in 2008 and last I knew worked at a gas station in 2015.  Probably work there till he's 70 and has to quit without any savings.  Who knows, life is weird.Different Josh. I worked with this Josh up until a year and a half ago, before he moved to NYC. He always practiced his bits on me and the rest of the people he worked with. Glad to see he's making it. 
I went to high school with Josh.  Probably different one.  Got a girl pregnant in 2008 and last I knew worked at a gas station in 2015.  Probably work there till he's 70 and has to quit without any savings.  Who knows, life is weird.Tell that Josh to get his ass in check and contact the local CSD and speak with a caseworker. No way in hell should he be barely surviving if what you said is true (that's if he still sees his offspring/have them for an allotted time period). 
You too! [deleted]
You too! You too!
I had a professor that told me "If you saw what I saw in you, you'd understand that everything will be alright." That small moment honestly changed my life.Does it have anything to do with your username?
Same here, how'd you do?1400!
Same here, how'd you do?Well enough to be happy about it!
Find him and shoot him an e-mail if you can! 		He'd appreciate it! 		From a teacher - thanks for the story! He passed about ten years ago.   But, as another redditor said, maybe I should contact his family.
Find him and shoot him an e-mail if you can! 		He'd appreciate it! 		From a teacher - thanks for the story! >Find him and shoot him 		What happens when you skim read too fast
It's not too late to contact him (or his family in case he's passed)He did pass, but I'll see if I can find info on his family.
If you cry watching a standup he might be doing it wrong...I know you're joking but that dude is so happy. That's every teacher's dream right there.
If you cry watching a standup he might be doing it wrong...Crying... Of laughter :p		But seriously, this is touching
And the stand up was really good too, the guy knows how to make fun of himself and killed it!Apparently he killed his girlfriend in the same process.
Comedy is tough. 		You can absolutely hit it out of the park one night. Then do the exact same bit another night and not have a single laugh. People are so different it's incredible. It's also the vibe of the comedian. He was probably nervous and the audience felt it.
honestly I think it's a matter of pacing. If he picked he up just a bit, plus some experience under his belt, he'd absolutely kill it. That whole "he just needs a nap" was hilarious but could've been delivered with a little more umph. That being said, the dude has talent. Way better than anything most people could have doneSee...I loved that shit. I love great buildups...and then slow deadpan deliveries. 
And I believe in you u/kingofbongoz, [here is a link to a cool bongo gif (which I assume you would like given your username).](http://i.imgur.com/e8ZeK3e.gif).   Thankkss!
Thank you for showing appreciation to yourself. Truly, a zen, and wholesomememe, master.:)
I'd say it was. I thought his stand up was hilarious last night on the tonight show, so I went and watched a few of his videos on YouTube and dude is a great comedian. 		Here he is on The Tonight Show:		https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xgDope, thanks for sharing this. That was quite good and I think this guy has a pretty bright future in the scene. 
I'd say it was. I thought his stand up was hilarious last night on the tonight show, so I went and watched a few of his videos on YouTube and dude is a great comedian. 		Here he is on The Tonight Show:		https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xgThe story about the ceiling fan was A+
I'd say it was. I thought his stand up was hilarious last night on the tonight show, so I went and watched a few of his videos on YouTube and dude is a great comedian. 		Here he is on The Tonight Show:		https://youtu.be/vsx3df-51xgThis is so precious. He's also a great beatboxer!
I love how it's cool to be kind in 2017 :)	/r/wholesomememes 		Edit: Wow thanks guys! This is my first 1k+ upvotes comment and it made my morning to see all the positivity in the replies. Hope you all have a fantastic day :)It's always been cool to be kind! 
I love how it's cool to be kind in 2017 :)	/r/wholesomememes 		Edit: Wow thanks guys! This is my first 1k+ upvotes comment and it made my morning to see all the positivity in the replies. Hope you all have a fantastic day :)I love how the new trend of 2017 is wholesome memes
I love how it's cool to be kind in 2017 :)	/r/wholesomememes 		Edit: Wow thanks guys! This is my first 1k+ upvotes comment and it made my morning to see all the positivity in the replies. Hope you all have a fantastic day :)Wholesomememes for President. 
I love how it's cool to be kind in 2017 :)	/r/wholesomememes 		Edit: Wow thanks guys! This is my first 1k+ upvotes comment and it made my morning to see all the positivity in the replies. Hope you all have a fantastic day :)I love that /r/wholesomememes rose to power around Reddit. 
I love how it's cool to be kind in 2017 :)	/r/wholesomememes 		Edit: Wow thanks guys! This is my first 1k+ upvotes comment and it made my morning to see all the positivity in the replies. Hope you all have a fantastic day :)I want to upvote you but I am restrained by how pleasing your current amount is so I shall leave this instead, thankyou :-) 		edit: I can upvote now, but at the time of comment it was 123  
I love how it's cool to be kind in 2017 :)	/r/wholesomememes 		Edit: Wow thanks guys! This is my first 1k+ upvotes comment and it made my morning to see all the positivity in the replies. Hope you all have a fantastic day :)I think its in the face of all this negative anger and hate that is around us right now, its a reaction to it... it shows that at the heart of it all, people really do care about each other. 
Is this what this subreddit is like? Everyone is so positive! I'm going to visit here more often :) Yes! Its awesome, and so are you. :)
I love this story.Yeah well I love you
Did you guys bond later on?[deleted]
1400!3.460629358 E+3798 out of 1600 is quite a feat! Good job!
He passed about ten years ago.   But, as another redditor said, maybe I should contact his family.If you could tell his family that would be really nice.  Someone once asked me if I was related to Mr. fishmouth (my dad).  We have a not too common last name.  I said, "Yeah he's my dad."  Then they started singing this song my dad taught them in 8th grade science class to remember how to classify animals.  He still remembered the song after 15 years.  I felt really proud of my dad in that moment.  He told me that my dad got him really excited about science.  It might mean a lot to his kids or widow to hear that he made such an impact on you.    
He passed about ten years ago.   But, as another redditor said, maybe I should contact his family.And then you'd be doing his family a service, in my experience families are always super welcoming to stories about their passed family members impacting people in positive ways.
He passed about ten years ago.   But, as another redditor said, maybe I should contact his family.You definitely should. 		My dad passed away a couple of months ago. He was a DJ. After he died, I got a bunch of messages from people telling me how influential he was to their careers, or how he had nurtured them and they owed their success to him. 		It meant the absolute world to me. I loved hearing that my dad had an impact on other people. 		I'm sure your teachers family would love hearing your story, too. 
Whoops. I didn't see where I wasYou should be nice to everyone everywhere, friendo. If you're only kind here it comes across as a little fake, you know? Wholesomeness should be encouraged in every aspect of your life. 
Apparently he killed his girlfriend in the same process.I don't understand that though, sounds like she was his biggest fan. 
Thankkss!Your welcome you awesome person!
He made fun of his height and then made a bunch of noises. How any of that is supposed to be funny is beyond me. I wasn't going to watch it because I'm lazy, but your attempt at sneering made him sound endearing. I watched it and enjoyed it. Thanks for the tip off.
It's always been cool to be kind! in the right measure 
I love how the new trend of 2017 is wholesome memesI just wanted to join in the group hug here and say that I hope only good things happen to y'all tomorrow. And that includes everyone here.
I love how the new trend of 2017 is wholesome memesMaybe people finally realized the  internet was a cesspool for negativity lol. If you see crap all day, you'll feel crappy all day. 
I love how the new trend of 2017 is wholesome memesSeriously. I see it mentioned all over reddit, and even when it's not, I've been in threads before where everyone is being SO KIND that I have to doublecheck that it's not /r/wholesomemes. The appreciation of the upvote now seems to recognize true kindness when it appears, and not just skill of snark, comeback or putdown. I love it, and didn't even know I needed it. I've noticed it's increased my time on reddit, and my contributions as well. Because now hey, all you people? TURNS OUT I LIKE YOU PEOPLE. 
Wholesomememes for President. r/wholesomememes for global unification and world peace.
Gonna be intense in 2018 when the rebound happensThat just means we'll have to work harder at balancing things out.		The fact that we would even want too should be  cause for happiness.	
Yeah well I love youOh well that's kind of sudden, but OK. Love you too.
3.460629358 E+3798 out of 1600 is quite a feat! Good job!_Sigh_ /r/unexpectedfactorial
Congrats! It wasn't me but thanks anyway! 
If you could tell his family that would be really nice.  Someone once asked me if I was related to Mr. fishmouth (my dad).  We have a not too common last name.  I said, "Yeah he's my dad."  Then they started singing this song my dad taught them in 8th grade science class to remember how to classify animals.  He still remembered the song after 15 years.  I felt really proud of my dad in that moment.  He told me that my dad got him really excited about science.  It might mean a lot to his kids or widow to hear that he made such an impact on you.    I am a huge history nerd and I have to remember that its the funny dumb things the kids remember. Like the dynasty song for China and not how to write a historical essay. 
Your welcome you awesome person!(   )___ Don't mind me just taking my mods for a walk		
in the right measure Apparently, your simple comment didn't "measure" up! Haha		How goofy that you're being downvoted for that.		I'm madly in love with all this kindness and positivity that this world so desperately needs right now, but why shun reasonability? 		Edit- this makes no sense now I'm sure, haha, but when I made the comment the person above was at -4, which I thought was silly! Also, it was a song lyric all along!		Hope you all have a good day/evening!  
in the right measure It's a very good sign?
in the right measure Cool to be kind, it's a very good sign! 
[removed]Ok!
I just wanted to join in the group hug here and say that I hope only good things happen to y'all tomorrow. And that includes everyone here.And the same to you, internet friend!
I just wanted to join in the group hug here and say that I hope only good things happen to y'all tomorrow. And that includes everyone here.I have a big test on Saturday, I  could use some of those good wishes. Have a good one, y'all! 
Oh well that's kind of sudden, but OK. Love you too.That was nice of you to not make them feel awkward.
I am a huge history nerd and I have to remember that its the funny dumb things the kids remember. Like the dynasty song for China and not how to write a historical essay. My 9th grade biology teacher told us a joke that years later still makes me chuckle:		A mushroom walks into a bar and says "Hey everyone free drinks all around!"			The whole bar erupts in cheers. One person comes up to him and goes "Hey man, why are you doing this?"		The mushroom shrugs and goes "I'm a fungi." 
I am a huge history nerd and I have to remember that its the funny dumb things the kids remember. Like the dynasty song for China and not how to write a historical essay. My teacher once said, "It is better to let your vulnerable heart be broken a few times than to be a skeptic all your life". That's what made me fall in love again after several disturbances. 
(   )___ Don't mind me just taking my mods for a walk		Thanks, I've been needing more exercise lately :)
Apparently, your simple comment didn't "measure" up! Haha		How goofy that you're being downvoted for that.		I'm madly in love with all this kindness and positivity that this world so desperately needs right now, but why shun reasonability? 		Edit- this makes no sense now I'm sure, haha, but when I made the comment the person above was at -4, which I thought was silly! Also, it was a song lyric all along!		Hope you all have a good day/evening!  It's a reference to a song lyric.  "Cruel to be Kind"
Apparently, your simple comment didn't "measure" up! Haha		How goofy that you're being downvoted for that.		I'm madly in love with all this kindness and positivity that this world so desperately needs right now, but why shun reasonability? 		Edit- this makes no sense now I'm sure, haha, but when I made the comment the person above was at -4, which I thought was silly! Also, it was a song lyric all along!		Hope you all have a good day/evening!  It was not a shun, it was an affirmation of the statement being able to stand on its own without any undue karmic corruption.		Like the way my cat knows when to cuddle with me when I am sad and/or lonely, or feeling worthless, but doesn't want me to do anything special in return. She is just pure, unadulterated love, and that, mssr or mrs Jelly Bean Kroger, is true coolness. 		I love you, Andromeda! 
And the same to you, internet friend!I have too much for tomorrow and this is all i need, we are gonna rock tomorrow!
My 9th grade biology teacher told us a joke that years later still makes me chuckle:		A mushroom walks into a bar and says "Hey everyone free drinks all around!"			The whole bar erupts in cheers. One person comes up to him and goes "Hey man, why are you doing this?"		The mushroom shrugs and goes "I'm a fungi." i am not a native english speaker and i dont get it :(
It's a reference to a song lyric.  "Cruel to be Kind"Nick Lowe ftw!
It's a reference to a song lyric.  "Cruel to be Kind"Oh, OK! Never heard that one :)
I have too much for tomorrow and this is all i need, we are gonna rock tomorrow!I have a big day Monday (live performance) that I need to rock -- I love coming in here and feeling positive enough to tackle it!
i am not a native english speaker and i dont get it :(The word "fungi" is pronounced very similarly to the words "fun guy". It is a play on words making fun at the fact that a mushroom is a type of fungi as well as how this particular mushroom adopted the persona of a "fun guy" 		It's a pretty common one and something I laugh at all the time 
Nick Lowe ftw!Also Letters to Cleo!
I have a big day Monday (live performance) that I need to rock -- I love coming in here and feeling positive enough to tackle it!Hey send a link or something to see you, what do you do?
The word "fungi" is pronounced very similarly to the words "fun guy". It is a play on words making fun at the fact that a mushroom is a type of fungi as well as how this particular mushroom adopted the persona of a "fun guy" 		It's a pretty common one and something I laugh at all the time aahhh i get it
