Happy Birthday, strangerHey, that's my birthday!
Happy Birthday, strangerThat's my good friend's birthday!
Happy Birthday, strangerWell that's not my birthday but today is and the title of this post made me smile. :)
Happy Birthday, strangerAnd he wasn't even interrupting anything because there's a few seconds of silence at the end of previews :) what a considerate guy
Happy Birthday, strangerYo that's not my birthday but it's cool to see other people have a special day for themselves too!
Happy Birthday, strangerI was piss drunk in a Denny parking lot at 2am and a homeless man offered me his blanket. We ended up eating waffles and he complimented my eyebrows. He had the same birthday.... Guys name was Steve or something... good guy. Hope he is doing well. 
Happy Birthday, strangerI'm a dental receptionist and every day, I check to see if any of the patients that day have had a recent birthday or a birthday coming up and try to wish them a Happy Birthday before their appointment. Birthdays are awesome.
Happy Birthday, strangerMy birthday is exactly a month after that!!
Happy Birthday, strangerThis is why I love this sub. I had to unsubscribe from subs like /r/thathappened because this is exactly the sort of thing they would belittle for being implausible. It makes me happy that we can all appreciate the silliness of the story without questioning its authenticity.
Happy Birthday, strangerBut... it wasn't the first guy's birthday. Trailers tell you a date that's in the future.
Happy Birthday, strangerThat's my little nephew's birthday! He was born last year. 
Happy Birthday, strangerPeople who shout out at the theatre are the worst :(
Hey, that's my birthday!hey me too. happy birthday buddy!
Hey, that's my birthday!Happy Birthday!
Hey, that's my birthday!Hey, happy birthday fellow birthday bro!
Hey, that's my birthday!Nice, that's mine too. We should celebrate together
Hey, that's my birthday!Me too! 11/20/93 here :)
That's my good friend's birthday!Happy birthday, good friend!
That's my good friend's birthday!Today is *my* birthday!
Well that's not my birthday but today is and the title of this post made me smile. :)Happy birthday to you!!
Well that's not my birthday but today is and the title of this post made me smile. :)Happy birthday, friend!
Well that's not my birthday but today is and the title of this post made me smile. :)Hey me too, although you may have been talking about Feb 27. Timezones are weird on the internet. Anyway, Happy Birthday!
And he wasn't even interrupting anything because there's a few seconds of silence at the end of previews :) what a considerate guyI know, right?. Happy birthday!
Yo that's not my birthday but it's cool to see other people have a special day for themselves too!You probably have a birthday on one day of the year so happy birthday on that day!
I was piss drunk in a Denny parking lot at 2am and a homeless man offered me his blanket. We ended up eating waffles and he complimented my eyebrows. He had the same birthday.... Guys name was Steve or something... good guy. Hope he is doing well. Happy birthday, Denny!
I'm a dental receptionist and every day, I check to see if any of the patients that day have had a recent birthday or a birthday coming up and try to wish them a Happy Birthday before their appointment. Birthdays are awesome.Birthdays ARE awesome! And you're even awesomer(?) for caring that much! Thank you friend!
I'm a dental receptionist and every day, I check to see if any of the patients that day have had a recent birthday or a birthday coming up and try to wish them a Happy Birthday before their appointment. Birthdays are awesome.How incredibly wholesome of you! Happy birthday for whenever yours might be.
My birthday is exactly a month after that!!Oh wow! Happy birthday!
This is why I love this sub. I had to unsubscribe from subs like /r/thathappened because this is exactly the sort of thing they would belittle for being implausible. It makes me happy that we can all appreciate the silliness of the story without questioning its authenticity.This is not even something that's hard to imagine happening.
That's my little nephew's birthday! He was born last year. Happy birthday last year.
People who shout out at the theatre are the worst :(Oh no they're not! 
hey me too. happy birthday buddy!Me too! Wow, this is awesome! Birthday buddies :D
hey me too. happy birthday buddy!You too friend! :)
hey me too. happy birthday buddy!Nov. 20 is my birthday also! 
hey me too. happy birthday buddy!Did you know that you share your birthday with approximately 18.5 to 20 million other people? Imagine the party! (:
hey me too. happy birthday buddy!Mine too!
hey me too. happy birthday buddy!Me three! 
hey me too. happy birthday buddy!Same here.
hey me too. happy birthday buddy!Me three! Birthday buddies!
Happy Birthday!Thanks man! (Or woman!)
Happy Birthday!Someone care! 
Hey, happy birthday fellow birthday bro!You too, birthday amigo!
Happy birthday, good friend!Hey I'm that good friend!
Happy birthday to you!!Thank you! 
Happy birthday to you!!Mine's 21th of february!!!
Happy birthday, friend!Hey thanks! I hope you have a great day! 
Hey me too, although you may have been talking about Feb 27. Timezones are weird on the internet. Anyway, Happy Birthday!Timezones are weird. I hope I am not too late to wish you a happy birthday!
That's when I release my gas.Ok! 
You probably have a birthday on one day of the year so happy birthday on that day!.	.	what do the unborn celebrate?	.	.	
Happy birthday, Denny!His name was Steve, but I'm sure Denny is having a happy birthday too!
Me too! Wow, this is awesome! Birthday buddies :DThis incredible! What a coincidence! Quick let's list our mothers maiden name and the name of our first pet to see if we're all matchsies!
Me too! Wow, this is awesome! Birthday buddies :D[deleted]
Did you know that you share your birthday with approximately 18.5 to 20 million other people? Imagine the party! (:Sense8 birthday orgy with 20 million people? That's a hard to plan party :0
Someone care! That isn't wholesome, friend 
Hey I'm that good friend!HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Hey I'm that good friend!Hey, it's me, your friend.
shut up, mikeHappy birthday Mike!
shut up, mikeHappy birthday Mr poopy butthole :)
Mine's 21th of february!!!Happy late birthday!
.	.	what do the unborn celebrate?	.	.	Happy spawn day!!!
.	.	what do the unborn celebrate?	.	.	Hahaha I love this
This incredible! What a coincidence! Quick let's list our mothers maiden name and the name of our first pet to see if we're all matchsies!>hunter2		do you see anything?
This incredible! What a coincidence! Quick let's list our mothers maiden name and the name of our first pet to see if we're all matchsies!Yes. Please do this. Don't forget to PM me your social security number. Also, send me a copy of your photo ID. While you're at it, PM me your credit card info along with the three digit code on the back. You know what, just buy me a car. 
That isn't wholesome, friend No is the username of the one I replied to, /u/Someone_care! I thought it was humorous  that the person with that username was so nice. 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Thank you!
>hunter2		do you see anything?Just a row of stars?
Yes. Please do this. Don't forget to PM me your social security number. Also, send me a copy of your photo ID. While you're at it, PM me your credit card info along with the three digit code on the back. You know what, just buy me a car. not very wholesome, pls no bamboozle
Count me in on that club! 11/20/96 reporting for duty buddies!Hehe, you said duty... 
Count me in on that club! 11/20/96 reporting for duty buddies![deleted]
No is the username of the one I replied to, /u/Someone_care! I thought it was humorous  that the person with that username was so nice. Oh my goodness, I am so sorry friend. That is very funny and you deserve credit for your joke. Keep up the good work!
Thank you!No Thanks!
Thank you!No problem wrong guy! Have a good night/day! Idk what time zone you are but you're awesome either way
I am two months earlier (15th of july) That's three months
Just a row of stars?"Behind every great password is a row of stars"		-glglglglgl
not very wholesome, pls no bamboozleLook at his username, friend! I say we give him the benefit of the doubt. 
Oh my goodness, I am so sorry friend. That is very funny and you deserve credit for your joke. Keep up the good work!Stop pls, y'all are making me cry with the wholesomeness... 
No Thanks!I needed a good chuckle! Thank you, stranger :)
That's three monthsSrry bad in counting 
"Behind every great password is a row of stars"		-glglglglgl""Behind every great password is a row of stars"		-glglglglgl"		 -Vid-Master		Dont quote me on that though
Look at his username, friend! I say we give him the benefit of the doubt. He is right. Username definitely checks out. Nice guy, I'd say.
Stop pls, y'all are making me cry with the wholesomeness... No you're going to make me cry. I love you friend. I hope tomorrow is nothing short of extraordinary. 
I needed a good chuckle! Thank you, stranger :)You're welcome friend! 
""Behind every great password is a row of stars"		-glglglglgl"		 -Vid-Master		Dont quote me on that though> ""Behind every great password is a row of stars"		> -glglglglgl"		> -Vid-Master		> Dont quote me on that though		/u/arealcheesecake
He is right. Username definitely checks out. Nice guy, I'd say.He's going to send them a shiny red bike or something
