We are like elves to dogsPlease excuse me while I hug my dog and he wonders what I'm doing
We are like elves to dogsA facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too.
We are like elves to dogsThere was a r/WritingPrompts a few weeks ago based on this concept! The stories were absolutely gorgeous, broke my heart and made me cry in the very best way.
We are like elves to dogsI think about this a lot, how weird life must be like for dog's sometimes. Like, there's something called the Dickin Medal, which is basically the Medal of Honor for animals. 		Imagine a dog getting this medal. He goes to some building and a lot of people are there and they talk a lot and they're all very nice to him, they pet him and give him treats and speak to him in affectionate tones, and then they put some kind of collar on him and flash some lights at him and then he goes home and forgets about the whole thing after a few days. For the humans it's a really big deal and for the dog it's just some weird thing that happened.		Sometimes I wonder, if you assume there's a god or angels or whatever, does anything like this ever happen to us? The dog did his job because he knew he should but he'll never understand the honors he received for it. Maybe sometimes we do nice things and then a bunch of weird stuff happens to us and we don't even realize it's some higher power trying to honor us.
We are like elves to dogsI think people who write "i am crying... thanks for posting" are full of it.		Until this post.  This post made me cry.
We are like elves to dogs*cuddling my doggo intensely*
We are like elves to dogsI really like this. 
We are like elves to dogsMan this got me emotional. I'm going to go hug my 100lb Boxer-Bullmastif when I get home. She probably only has a couple years left and I'm going to really miss her when she's gone.
We are like elves to dogsThere was a writing prompt recently that was probably submitted due to this. The top response was so damn [good.](https://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/5e6rcz/_/daafty3)
We are like elves to dogsI highly recommend watching [Touching The Wild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii4Oke8lb6A), a documentary about a guy who lives with a herd of wild mule deer for a several of their generations.  He basically becomes to these deer what Gandalf was to the Hobbits of Hobbiton.
We are like elves to dogsI'm crying and so are you, don't lie
We are like elves to dogsThis fucked me up. Thanks. 
We are like elves to dogsMy dog died last night. I'm now hiding in the bathroom at work crying. 
We are like elves to dogsThis made me cry. Also relevant for cats too.
We are like elves to dogsSorry to be that guy, but I wonder how it makes a dog feel when some  ' immortals' are unkind to them. I read this and all i could think of were those poor pups who don't know why they're being treated bad. ):
We are like elves to dogsThis is why our mortality, however frail, carries with it immense beauty. Were we truly immortal, we would grow weary of life and become apathetic, nihilistic, we would seek out death. But mortality, it is finite and can end at any moment. Because of that, every breath, every moment that is spent among your loved ones, every activity, no matter how mundane, carries a great weight. The odds of your existence are billions to one, perhaps even more. We are all beings capable of Greatness, be it evil or good. Just remember, while you may die, you have inexorably altered peoples lives merely by being. 		Just remember that, no matter how dark the night, someone out there will be saddened by your passing. In death there is the beauty that is life. You are an "Elf" to someone out there.
We are like elves to dogsYesterday, my daughter asked how old our dog is in dog years. I did the math.		"Uh, 56." 		Where did the time go? She was a puppy just yesterday.
We are like elves to dogsI'm sure this will get drowned out: this post is super popular. My sweet dog is going to pass away soon. He has been my best pal for so long, I love him so much. Never have I known a dog like Bert to have as much character as he does. Next time you think about doggos, please spare a thought for my best friend. He's been a Saint since before I knew him and he'll be a Saint until long after I pass away too. 
We are like elves to dogsWhat is this from again? It's on the tip of my tongue, is it LOTR?
We are like elves to dogsMy dog rolled around in deer shit two hours ago. I've been mad at him since. Now I need to go spend as much time as possible with him.
We are like elves to dogs[this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5e6rcz/wp_in_the_canine_world_humans_are_celestial/daafty3/) in writing prompts and this entire prompt in general are really awesome takes of this meme.  good reading. 
We are like elves to dogsI've seen this many times and I cry everytime I read it. May I add to this thread this poem by Lord Byron called "Epitaph to a Dog".		[Epitaph to a Dog by Lord Byron](https://www.poets.org/poetsorg/poem/epitaph-dog)
We are like elves to dogsThis isn't wholesome, this is sad, like damn, that last one was emotional as... I don't even know. I thought this sub was meant to make me happy.
Hey there, friendo u/Gody117! Thanks for submitting to r/wholesomememes.  We loved your submission, *We are like elves to dogs*, but it has been removed because it doesn't quite abide by our rules, which are located in the sidebar.		* **This post is just entirely too wholesome, I can't even.** It's so wholesome that it's unfair to other posts. It's just so darn sweet. 		* Makes me want to go give my dog extra belly rubs. You know what, I'm doing it. Be back later.			We appreciate you thinking of us very much! For more on our rules, please check out our [sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar).  If you have any questions or concerns about this removal, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwholesomememes).		^;-)Hey mod, I don't mean to be rude or anything, but I'm a bit confused. u/Gody117 didn't submit this, u/Granbark did. Sorry if I'm confused, <3
Hey there, friendo u/Gody117! Thanks for submitting to r/wholesomememes.  We loved your submission, *We are like elves to dogs*, but it has been removed because it doesn't quite abide by our rules, which are located in the sidebar.		* **This post is just entirely too wholesome, I can't even.** It's so wholesome that it's unfair to other posts. It's just so darn sweet. 		* Makes me want to go give my dog extra belly rubs. You know what, I'm doing it. Be back later.			We appreciate you thinking of us very much! For more on our rules, please check out our [sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar).  If you have any questions or concerns about this removal, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwholesomememes).		^;-)Oh mods, you so cute.
Hey there, friendo u/Gody117! Thanks for submitting to r/wholesomememes.  We loved your submission, *We are like elves to dogs*, but it has been removed because it doesn't quite abide by our rules, which are located in the sidebar.		* **This post is just entirely too wholesome, I can't even.** It's so wholesome that it's unfair to other posts. It's just so darn sweet. 		* Makes me want to go give my dog extra belly rubs. You know what, I'm doing it. Be back later.			We appreciate you thinking of us very much! For more on our rules, please check out our [sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar).  If you have any questions or concerns about this removal, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwholesomememes).		^;-)I don't understand. Was this post restored afterwards?  I saw it on my front page just now.		Also, which rule did it break?
Hey there, friendo u/Gody117! Thanks for submitting to r/wholesomememes.  We loved your submission, *We are like elves to dogs*, but it has been removed because it doesn't quite abide by our rules, which are located in the sidebar.		* **This post is just entirely too wholesome, I can't even.** It's so wholesome that it's unfair to other posts. It's just so darn sweet. 		* Makes me want to go give my dog extra belly rubs. You know what, I'm doing it. Be back later.			We appreciate you thinking of us very much! For more on our rules, please check out our [sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar).  If you have any questions or concerns about this removal, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwholesomememes).		^;-)Too wholesome?		*Please note, Moderators reserve the right to remove any post for any reason.*		Well, THAT sucks.			And now it DOESN'T suck.  Good guy mistake.   :D
Hey there, friendo u/Gody117! Thanks for submitting to r/wholesomememes.  We loved your submission, *We are like elves to dogs*, but it has been removed because it doesn't quite abide by our rules, which are located in the sidebar.		* **This post is just entirely too wholesome, I can't even.** It's so wholesome that it's unfair to other posts. It's just so darn sweet. 		* Makes me want to go give my dog extra belly rubs. You know what, I'm doing it. Be back later.			We appreciate you thinking of us very much! For more on our rules, please check out our [sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar).  If you have any questions or concerns about this removal, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwholesomememes).		^;-)u doin me a bamboozle?
Hey there, friendo u/Gody117! Thanks for submitting to r/wholesomememes.  We loved your submission, *We are like elves to dogs*, but it has been removed because it doesn't quite abide by our rules, which are located in the sidebar.		* **This post is just entirely too wholesome, I can't even.** It's so wholesome that it's unfair to other posts. It's just so darn sweet. 		* Makes me want to go give my dog extra belly rubs. You know what, I'm doing it. Be back later.			We appreciate you thinking of us very much! For more on our rules, please check out our [sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar).  If you have any questions or concerns about this removal, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwholesomememes).		^;-)you deserve a hug 
Hey there, friendo u/Gody117! Thanks for submitting to r/wholesomememes.  We loved your submission, *We are like elves to dogs*, but it has been removed because it doesn't quite abide by our rules, which are located in the sidebar.		* **This post is just entirely too wholesome, I can't even.** It's so wholesome that it's unfair to other posts. It's just so darn sweet. 		* Makes me want to go give my dog extra belly rubs. You know what, I'm doing it. Be back later.			We appreciate you thinking of us very much! For more on our rules, please check out our [sidebar](http://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar).  If you have any questions or concerns about this removal, feel free to [message the moderators](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fwholesomememes).		^;-)This whole sub has become http://imgur.com/a/sV9m7
Please excuse me while I hug my dog and he wonders what I'm doingGive him a belly rub (or something else he likes) from me.
Please excuse me while I hug my dog and he wonders what I'm doingA dog never wonders, just accepts it because they love their human. 
Please excuse me while I hug my dog and he wonders what I'm doingCan I hug your dog too? I don't have one :'(
A facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too.My 16 year old pup died two weeks ago. I'm starting to get used to the house without her, but it still stinks. I'm sorry about your dog, I'm sure she was absolutely awesome 
A facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too.My favorite copypasta:		Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to death, dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: No, no, not a good idea. Lets not go for a walk. Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but thats what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They dont teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and its a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not dead. Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much. Excuse me, I have to go cry now.
A facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too.[Here](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5e6rcz/wp_in_the_canine_world_humans_are_celestial/) is an awesome writing prompt based on this, definitely recommend it
A facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too.Every time I go to my in-laws house, I look around for Spike. Their house smells wrong now. Empty. I get sad every time. He stayed with us for the weekend maybe 2 weeks before he passed, and was such a happy little guy. He slept at the foot of the bed, and we went on a few walks, and it was just good to have him here. 
A facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too."you have been and always will be my friend." You enriched a life who enriched you back. Mourn, but know every gesture you made was of love.
A facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too.I needed this but I didn't either. We put our dog to sleep January 30th and it still hurts. I cried for two days straight. We had her for 10 years and her kidney disease became just too much for her to handle. She was 4 lbs of fury and love and I miss her every day. I will cherish what she meant to us. 
A facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too.We just got a boxer...it scares the hell out of me to think he won't be in my life at some point... 
A facebook friend posted this. It made me feel good, and a little sad because one of our dogs recently died, but sad in a good way. I love her, and I know she loved me. I wanted to share it with you, I hope you enjoy it too.Our 16 year old Husky died today.  I was doing ok until I read this.  Cried like a baby. 
There was a r/WritingPrompts a few weeks ago based on this concept! The stories were absolutely gorgeous, broke my heart and made me cry in the very best way.Do you have the link? :)
There was a r/WritingPrompts a few weeks ago based on this concept! The stories were absolutely gorgeous, broke my heart and made me cry in the very best way.For people who are interested: https://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/5e6rcz/_/
There was a r/WritingPrompts a few weeks ago based on this concept! The stories were absolutely gorgeous, broke my heart and made me cry in the very best way.I'm pretty certain the text in the OPs photo is from one of those stories.
I think about this a lot, how weird life must be like for dog's sometimes. Like, there's something called the Dickin Medal, which is basically the Medal of Honor for animals. 		Imagine a dog getting this medal. He goes to some building and a lot of people are there and they talk a lot and they're all very nice to him, they pet him and give him treats and speak to him in affectionate tones, and then they put some kind of collar on him and flash some lights at him and then he goes home and forgets about the whole thing after a few days. For the humans it's a really big deal and for the dog it's just some weird thing that happened.		Sometimes I wonder, if you assume there's a god or angels or whatever, does anything like this ever happen to us? The dog did his job because he knew he should but he'll never understand the honors he received for it. Maybe sometimes we do nice things and then a bunch of weird stuff happens to us and we don't even realize it's some higher power trying to honor us.Ok wow, that was really deep! Thanks for sharing that thought. I've never thought about that!
I think about this a lot, how weird life must be like for dog's sometimes. Like, there's something called the Dickin Medal, which is basically the Medal of Honor for animals. 		Imagine a dog getting this medal. He goes to some building and a lot of people are there and they talk a lot and they're all very nice to him, they pet him and give him treats and speak to him in affectionate tones, and then they put some kind of collar on him and flash some lights at him and then he goes home and forgets about the whole thing after a few days. For the humans it's a really big deal and for the dog it's just some weird thing that happened.		Sometimes I wonder, if you assume there's a god or angels or whatever, does anything like this ever happen to us? The dog did his job because he knew he should but he'll never understand the honors he received for it. Maybe sometimes we do nice things and then a bunch of weird stuff happens to us and we don't even realize it's some higher power trying to honor us.There was a Showerthought (I think) some time ago that stated that dogs do not know that you are in control of the car. From the dog's perspective: 		Sometimes, Dad and I go into this box, and the box goes places. Sometimes the beach, or the park, or a friend, or the vet. You never know. Sometimes for a short time, sometimes for a long time. It's an adventure.		Also, when going to the zoo, the dog has no idea what fences or safeguards are in place. 	This is just me and Dad going into a dangerous place, facing terrible enemies together (tigers, bears, boars, alligators). But Dad is not showing any fear, so time to dog up and stay in control.
I think about this a lot, how weird life must be like for dog's sometimes. Like, there's something called the Dickin Medal, which is basically the Medal of Honor for animals. 		Imagine a dog getting this medal. He goes to some building and a lot of people are there and they talk a lot and they're all very nice to him, they pet him and give him treats and speak to him in affectionate tones, and then they put some kind of collar on him and flash some lights at him and then he goes home and forgets about the whole thing after a few days. For the humans it's a really big deal and for the dog it's just some weird thing that happened.		Sometimes I wonder, if you assume there's a god or angels or whatever, does anything like this ever happen to us? The dog did his job because he knew he should but he'll never understand the honors he received for it. Maybe sometimes we do nice things and then a bunch of weird stuff happens to us and we don't even realize it's some higher power trying to honor us.Are you high? This sounds like something I would think of when I'm high lol
I think people who write "i am crying... thanks for posting" are full of it.		Until this post.  This post made me cry.Shut up I'm not crying, YOU'RE CRYING 
I think people who write "i am crying... thanks for posting" are full of it.		Until this post.  This post made me cry.Yep. It's my ugly boy's 7th birthday today, and I just got done closing up shop for the night. Now I'm sitting in the car thinking about how much I love my Mo-Dog and going all teary. When I get home, we're having cheeseburgers and ice cream. Dogs, man. They really are good boys. 
I think people who write "i am crying... thanks for posting" are full of it.		Until this post.  This post made me cry.I was fine until "the fur on my muzzle is graying" and I looked over at [my own pups graying face](http://m.imgur.com/4B3DKPw) and then it was [Tear City, population: Me.](http://m.imgur.com/4WLGwQc)		and now I'm so sad. 
I think people who write "i am crying... thanks for posting" are full of it.		Until this post.  This post made me cry.There was a gif of a golden retriever finding out they didn't have cancer a couple weeks ago. That is another one of the sort.
I think people who write "i am crying... thanks for posting" are full of it.		Until this post.  This post made me cry.Did you know swans can be gay?
*cuddling my doggo intensely*This post reminds me of my dog... He passed away, some months ago... It hit me hard the day he died, but after that I kinda got busy with all sorts of life things... Now, lying here in my bed all I really wanted to was to hear him bark once more, that wild, loud, ear-shattering roar... And I can't help but remember of him as little as my hand... Peeing on the floor for the first time as if he said "This is home now." I love you Thor... I'll love you forever... And I really hope you are better now... You were only 8... I wish I could spend more time with you... I am sorry for my absence... I hope I can see you again. I truly love you...
I really like this. yeah me too but right now i'm like ;.;
Man this got me emotional. I'm going to go hug my 100lb Boxer-Bullmastif when I get home. She probably only has a couple years left and I'm going to really miss her when she's gone.#  
I highly recommend watching [Touching The Wild](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii4Oke8lb6A), a documentary about a guy who lives with a herd of wild mule deer for a several of their generations.  He basically becomes to these deer what Gandalf was to the Hobbits of Hobbiton.A disturber of the peace?
I'm crying and so are you, don't lieYup, I've got the big fat tears kind of crying
My dog died last night. I'm now hiding in the bathroom at work crying. I'm so sorry for your loss, friend. <3
This made me cry. Also relevant for cats too.I think cats are like the dwarves of this head space. They act all disdainful of people, but put them together and they end up proving they actually love each other and end up on a ship together.
Sorry to be that guy, but I wonder how it makes a dog feel when some  ' immortals' are unkind to them. I read this and all i could think of were those poor pups who don't know why they're being treated bad. ):Basically like human mythology with fae creatures.		**Edit:** OMFG those humans as cute pets to xenos /r/HFY stories are historically accurate!
Sorry to be that guy, but I wonder how it makes a dog feel when some  ' immortals' are unkind to them. I read this and all i could think of were those poor pups who don't know why they're being treated bad. ):Nothing pains me more than thinking of animals being mistreated/abused.
What is this from again? It's on the tip of my tongue, is it LOTR?Not enough endless description to be Tolkien
This isn't wholesome, this is sad, like damn, that last one was emotional as... I don't even know. I thought this sub was meant to make me happy.It's about how much dogs love us. That's pretty wholesome to me. 
This isn't wholesome, this is sad, like damn, that last one was emotional as... I don't even know. I thought this sub was meant to make me happy.Sometimes, sadness makes us happy for what we have.  Or in this case, have had.  
Hey mod, I don't mean to be rude or anything, but I'm a bit confused. u/Gody117 didn't submit this, u/Granbark did. Sorry if I'm confused, <3Oh haha whoopsies, I copied my from a different post I had to remove  earlier. I'm just glad I remembered to change the title. 
Oh mods, you so cute.The mods here are great <3
I don't understand. Was this post restored afterwards?  I saw it on my front page just now.		Also, which rule did it break?It was too wholesome
I don't understand. Was this post restored afterwards?  I saw it on my front page just now.		Also, which rule did it break?Awkwardturtle was just having a little joke, no worries.
This whole sub has become http://imgur.com/a/sV9m7I'm choosing to assume you mean that in the best way possible. If that is true, how do you explain this post with a sweet motorcycling Power Ranger in it?		/r/wholesomememes/comments/5wys8a/never_give_up_on_your_dreams/		Be the change you want to see in the world.
Was this removed as a credit to it being really good? Am I reading this right?I don't believe it is actually removed.
Give him a belly rub (or something else he likes) from me.Hey, /u/IAmABouncer, go ahead and give him another round of belly rubs, but put it on /u/Granbark's tab. 
Can I hug your dog too? I don't have one :'(You can pet my Gente Kitty if you want. 		 http://imgur.com/UMBxdMg
Can I hug your dog too? I don't have one :'(My pupper is willing for all the hugs http://imgur.com/YtXLc9R
My 16 year old pup died two weeks ago. I'm starting to get used to the house without her, but it still stinks. I'm sorry about your dog, I'm sure she was absolutely awesome > I'm starting to get used to the house without her		You will probably take ages to stop shuffling your feet around her favourite spots to avoid stepping on her, though. Sorry for your loss, I'm sure you were very fond of your dog and that she was a good one.
My 16 year old pup died two weeks ago. I'm starting to get used to the house without her, but it still stinks. I'm sorry about your dog, I'm sure she was absolutely awesome My 17 year old girl died last year not a day goes by that I don't miss waking up to her scratching at me 
My 16 year old pup died two weeks ago. I'm starting to get used to the house without her, but it still stinks. I'm sorry about your dog, I'm sure she was absolutely awesome Well, since no one has done it yet:		"Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to 'death', dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: 'No, no, not a good idea. Let's not go for a walk.' Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but that's what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They don't teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: 'Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.'		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and it's a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not 'dead.' Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are."		I took this from reddit that someone else had posted, I don't know the original author but have kept this close to me. 	
My 16 year old pup died two weeks ago. I'm starting to get used to the house without her, but it still stinks. I'm sorry about your dog, I'm sure she was absolutely awesome Man, I'm so sorry for your loss. Best to you.
My 16 year old pup died two weeks ago. I'm starting to get used to the house without her, but it still stinks. I'm sorry about your dog, I'm sure she was absolutely awesome Totally thought you meant your house still stinks like dog  which, to be fair, happened after my last pooch passed last year. I still jump over where her water bowl used to be when I step over it :( 
My 16 year old pup died two weeks ago. I'm starting to get used to the house without her, but it still stinks. I'm sorry about your dog, I'm sure she was absolutely awesome We had to put down our 4 month old german shepherd a couple days ago. It hurt so much but we didnt want him suffer anymore. 
My favorite copypasta:		Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to death, dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: No, no, not a good idea. Lets not go for a walk. Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but thats what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They dont teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and its a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not dead. Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much. Excuse me, I have to go cry now.This is a little too close to home. Last May I lost my golden but even on her last day, she wouldn't get up from the garden in our backyard for anything, but she ran as fast as she could to me when she heard the leash. 		Despite how weak she looked I took her on that walk. Our usual walk, to the park at the top of my hill, throwing a tennis ball around for a little and then back down my hill. 		Each step she took she looked like she was going to collapse. As soon as we started I realized I made a terrible mistake and she shouldn't be walking when she was this weak. I tried to turn around. Sandy wouldn't have it. She was walking up that hill with me whether I liked it or not. She was gasping after only a few steps. I didn't think she was gonna make it. 		That bitch proved me wrong. We enjoyed our last walk together and she died a couple hours later. 		I still think about her all the time. 
My favorite copypasta:		Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to death, dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: No, no, not a good idea. Lets not go for a walk. Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but thats what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They dont teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and its a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not dead. Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much. Excuse me, I have to go cry now.Oh man, now I am near tears. I recall a poem I read somewhere (and just remembering it by looking it up has got me so upset, but here it is): 	  	I stood by your bed last night, I came to have a peep.  	I could see that you were crying, You found it hard to sleep.  	   	I whined to you softly as you brushed away a tear,  	Its me, I havent left you, Im well, Im fine, Im here.  	  	I was close to you at breakfast, I watched you pour the tea,  	You were thinking of the many times, your hands reached down to me.  	  	I was with you at the shops today, Your arms were getting sore.  	I longed to take your parcels, I wish I could do more.  	  	I was with you at my grave today, You tend it with such care.  	I want to reassure you, that Im not lying there.  	  	I walked with you towards the house, as you fumbled for your key.  	I gently put my paw on you, I smiled and said its me.  	  	You looked so very tired, and sank into a chair.  	I tried so hard to let you know, that I was standing there.  	  	Its possible for me, to be so near you everyday.  	To say to you with certainty, I never went away.  	  	You sat there very quietly, then smiled, I think you knew   	in the  stillness of that evening, I was very close to you.  	   	The day is over and I smile and watch you yawning,  	And say goodnight, God bless, Ill see you in the morning.  	   	And when the time is right for you to cross the brief divide,  	Ill rush across to greet you and well stand, side by side.  	   	I have so many things to show you, there is so much for you to see!  	Be patient, live your journey out - then come home to be with me. 	  	I *do* cry every single time. So poignant.	 	
My favorite copypasta:		Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to death, dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: No, no, not a good idea. Lets not go for a walk. Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but thats what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They dont teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and its a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not dead. Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much. Excuse me, I have to go cry now.I like because I cri every time.
My favorite copypasta:		Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to death, dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: No, no, not a good idea. Lets not go for a walk. Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but thats what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They dont teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and its a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not dead. Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much. Excuse me, I have to go cry now.Thank you, I needed this
My favorite copypasta:		Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to death, dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: No, no, not a good idea. Lets not go for a walk. Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but thats what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They dont teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and its a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not dead. Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much. Excuse me, I have to go cry now.Oh my god I'm a blubbering mess now. I wasn't expecting this trip on the feels train
My favorite copypasta:		Some of you, particularly those who think they have recently lost a dog to death, dont really understand this. Ive had no desire to explain, but wont be around forever and must.		Dogs never die. They dont know how to. They get tired, and very old, and their bones hurt. Of course they dont die. If they did they would not want to always go for a walk, even long after their old bones say: No, no, not a good idea. Lets not go for a walk. Nope, dogs always want to go for a walk. They might get one step before their aging tendons collapse them into a heap on the floor, but thats what dogs are. They walk.		Its not that they dislike your company. On the contrary, a walk with you is all there is. Their boss, and the cacaphonic symphony of odor that the world is. Cat poop, another dogs mark, a rotting chicken bone (exultation), and you. Thats what makes their world perfect, and in a perfect world death has no place.		However, dogs get very very sleepy. Thats the thing, you see. They dont teach you that at the fancy university where they explain about quarks, gluons, and Keynesian economics. They know so much they forget that dogs never die. Its a shame, really. Dogs have so much to offer and people just talk a lot.		When you think your dog has died, it has just fallen asleep in your heart. And by the way, it is wagging its tail madly, you see, and thats why your chest hurts so much and you cry all the time. Who would not cry with a happy dog wagging its tail in their chest. Ouch! Wap wap wap wap wap, that hurts. But they only wag when they wake up. Thats when they say: Thanks Boss! Thanks for a warm place to sleep and always next to your heart, the best place.		When they first fall asleep, they wake up all the time, and thats why, of course, you cry all the time. Wap, wap, wap. After a while they sleep more. (remember, a dog while is not a human while. You take your dog for walk, its a day full of adventure in an hour. Then you come home and its a week, well one of your days, but a week, really, before the dog gets another walk. No WONDER they love walks.)		Anyway, like I was saying, they fall asleep in your heart, and when they wake up, they wag their tail. After a few dog years, they sleep for longer naps, and you would too. They were a GOOD DOG all their life, and you both know it. It gets tiring being a good dog all the time, particularly when you get old and your bones hurt and you fall on your face and dont want to go outside to pee when it is raining but do anyway, because you are a good dog. So understand, after they have been sleeping in your heart, they will sleep longer and longer.		But dont get fooled. They are not dead. Theres no such thing, really. They are sleeping in your heart, and they will wake up, usually when youre not expecting it. Its just who they are.		I feel sorry for people who dont have dogs sleeping in their heart. Youve missed so much. Excuse me, I have to go cry now.Trying really hard not to burst into tears right now. A great old teacher I had put it best - 'the ones we love never truly leave us'.
"you have been and always will be my friend." You enriched a life who enriched you back. Mourn, but know every gesture you made was of love.Do not grieve, Master. It is logical.
Do you have the link? :)Here you go friendo: https://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/5e6rcz/_/
Do you have the link? :)[Here you go!](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5e6rcz/wp_in_the_canine_world_humans_are_celestial/?st=izro1hbi&sh=750ef03e) 
Do you have the link? :)The lovely u/Harrikie found the link! 		https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5e6rcz/wp_in_the_canine_world_humans_are_celestial/
There was a Showerthought (I think) some time ago that stated that dogs do not know that you are in control of the car. From the dog's perspective: 		Sometimes, Dad and I go into this box, and the box goes places. Sometimes the beach, or the park, or a friend, or the vet. You never know. Sometimes for a short time, sometimes for a long time. It's an adventure.		Also, when going to the zoo, the dog has no idea what fences or safeguards are in place. 	This is just me and Dad going into a dangerous place, facing terrible enemies together (tigers, bears, boars, alligators). But Dad is not showing any fear, so time to dog up and stay in control.can dogs go to zoos?
Shut up I'm not crying, YOU'RE CRYING IT'S RAINING!      	      	*^^on ^^my ^^face*
There was a gif of a golden retriever finding out they didn't have cancer a couple weeks ago. That is another one of the sort.I imagine the golden retriever reacted to this news the same way golden retrievers react to everything.
There was a gif of a golden retriever finding out they didn't have cancer a couple weeks ago. That is another one of the sort.wait a sec.. the dog finds out it doesn't have cancer? i don't think dogs know what cancer is.
yeah me too but right now i'm like ;.;You're Cthulhu?
#  [Here's](http://imgur.com/qJsGGrI.jpg) a photo of her when she was 2 years old. She has a lot more white hair on her face now. She craves attention from everyone and she's always down for a belly rub. Her nickname is Meat Head because her head is so big :)
#  +/u/vwhaulic 		WE WANT PICS. WE WANT PICS.
I think cats are like the dwarves of this head space. They act all disdainful of people, but put them together and they end up proving they actually love each other and end up on a ship together.So in our breakup my ex got our cats. She came over to our apartment yesterday while I was at work to grab the rest of her stuff. While she was here she took every photo of our cats that I had. I don't have digital versions of any of the pictures. So I have been very emotional about my cats today. Reading this literally had me in tears. 
[removed]I'm downvoting this because I don't like it. Not wholesome at all
[removed]:( not wholesome..
The mods here are great <3My heart wtf
It was too wholesomeMy heart wtf 
I'm choosing to assume you mean that in the best way possible. If that is true, how do you explain this post with a sweet motorcycling Power Ranger in it?		/r/wholesomememes/comments/5wys8a/never_give_up_on_your_dreams/		Be the change you want to see in the world.I take it back. Please sign me up for Power Ranger motorcycling facts
Hey, /u/IAmABouncer, go ahead and give him another round of belly rubs, but put it on /u/Granbark's tab. Bellyrubs all around.  /u/Granbark's buying for the whole subreddit!
Hey, /u/IAmABouncer, go ahead and give him another round of belly rubs, but put it on /u/Granbark's tab. And a rub and tug from me!		Just make sure you understand I mean with a rope. 
You can pet my Gente Kitty if you want. 		 http://imgur.com/UMBxdMgThat's a nice kitty.
You can pet my Gente Kitty if you want. 		 http://imgur.com/UMBxdMgHow adorable - and such cute jelly beans as well. That is just what we all needed now. Thank You for sharing.
> I'm starting to get used to the house without her		You will probably take ages to stop shuffling your feet around her favourite spots to avoid stepping on her, though. Sorry for your loss, I'm sure you were very fond of your dog and that she was a good one.one of my cats liked to come work with me, took me a long time to stop check the main room to see if he was there, sleeping on the pallets as usual
> I'm starting to get used to the house without her		You will probably take ages to stop shuffling your feet around her favourite spots to avoid stepping on her, though. Sorry for your loss, I'm sure you were very fond of your dog and that she was a good one.I swept my floors every day. Cosmo died. I continued to sweep his 'tumble weeds'.  		Nearly 2 years after his passing, I moved a large piece of furniture. A 'tumbleweed'.  		And there, again, was Cosmo.
> I'm starting to get used to the house without her		You will probably take ages to stop shuffling your feet around her favourite spots to avoid stepping on her, though. Sorry for your loss, I'm sure you were very fond of your dog and that she was a good one.My family lost our dog like 10 years ago, but still if anyone drops some food on the floor there is still a moment of delay when we wait for our dog to come devour it. 
> I'm starting to get used to the house without her		You will probably take ages to stop shuffling your feet around her favourite spots to avoid stepping on her, though. Sorry for your loss, I'm sure you were very fond of your dog and that she was a good one.Get another dog to fill your house with love.	Plus you can tell the new one all the good stories about your pup that passed.
> I'm starting to get used to the house without her		You will probably take ages to stop shuffling your feet around her favourite spots to avoid stepping on her, though. Sorry for your loss, I'm sure you were very fond of your dog and that she was a good one.My dog's favourite spots are the most awkward places she can find to sit i.e. in the centre of the hallway; in front of the fridge; in doorways.		I love her so much :)
> I'm starting to get used to the house without her		You will probably take ages to stop shuffling your feet around her favourite spots to avoid stepping on her, though. Sorry for your loss, I'm sure you were very fond of your dog and that she was a good one.I have a friend whose dog recently developed such severe hip pain that she couldn't walk at all. She was basically immobile. The vet recommended that they put her down but they decided to get her one of those little wheel chariots. She loves it and it's so sweet. 
My 17 year old girl died last year not a day goes by that I don't miss waking up to her scratching at me I just found out that we're soon going to have to put down my first dog I'd ever had, and not looking forward to when she's gone
This is a little too close to home. Last May I lost my golden but even on her last day, she wouldn't get up from the garden in our backyard for anything, but she ran as fast as she could to me when she heard the leash. 		Despite how weak she looked I took her on that walk. Our usual walk, to the park at the top of my hill, throwing a tennis ball around for a little and then back down my hill. 		Each step she took she looked like she was going to collapse. As soon as we started I realized I made a terrible mistake and she shouldn't be walking when she was this weak. I tried to turn around. Sandy wouldn't have it. She was walking up that hill with me whether I liked it or not. She was gasping after only a few steps. I didn't think she was gonna make it. 		That bitch proved me wrong. We enjoyed our last walk together and she died a couple hours later. 		I still think about her all the time. I held it back through all these other stories, but you, you had to go and make me cry.
This is a little too close to home. Last May I lost my golden but even on her last day, she wouldn't get up from the garden in our backyard for anything, but she ran as fast as she could to me when she heard the leash. 		Despite how weak she looked I took her on that walk. Our usual walk, to the park at the top of my hill, throwing a tennis ball around for a little and then back down my hill. 		Each step she took she looked like she was going to collapse. As soon as we started I realized I made a terrible mistake and she shouldn't be walking when she was this weak. I tried to turn around. Sandy wouldn't have it. She was walking up that hill with me whether I liked it or not. She was gasping after only a few steps. I didn't think she was gonna make it. 		That bitch proved me wrong. We enjoyed our last walk together and she died a couple hours later. 		I still think about her all the time. Damn, dude. This made me tear up just reading it. I'm sorry for your loss. There isn't really anything anyone can say that makes it better, but I'm so glad to hear that you two were able to enjoy her last day together, doing the thing she loved to do more than anything else on the face of this earth. 		I hope you get/have a new furry companion!
Oh man, now I am near tears. I recall a poem I read somewhere (and just remembering it by looking it up has got me so upset, but here it is): 	  	I stood by your bed last night, I came to have a peep.  	I could see that you were crying, You found it hard to sleep.  	   	I whined to you softly as you brushed away a tear,  	Its me, I havent left you, Im well, Im fine, Im here.  	  	I was close to you at breakfast, I watched you pour the tea,  	You were thinking of the many times, your hands reached down to me.  	  	I was with you at the shops today, Your arms were getting sore.  	I longed to take your parcels, I wish I could do more.  	  	I was with you at my grave today, You tend it with such care.  	I want to reassure you, that Im not lying there.  	  	I walked with you towards the house, as you fumbled for your key.  	I gently put my paw on you, I smiled and said its me.  	  	You looked so very tired, and sank into a chair.  	I tried so hard to let you know, that I was standing there.  	  	Its possible for me, to be so near you everyday.  	To say to you with certainty, I never went away.  	  	You sat there very quietly, then smiled, I think you knew   	in the  stillness of that evening, I was very close to you.  	   	The day is over and I smile and watch you yawning,  	And say goodnight, God bless, Ill see you in the morning.  	   	And when the time is right for you to cross the brief divide,  	Ill rush across to greet you and well stand, side by side.  	   	I have so many things to show you, there is so much for you to see!  	Be patient, live your journey out - then come home to be with me. 	  	I *do* cry every single time. So poignant.	 	Ok, now I'm crying.		Thank you for this
Here you go friendo: https://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/5e6rcz/_/And now I'm crying, thinking of our puppy who just turned one and how this is all going to go. 
Here you go friendo: https://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/5e6rcz/_/[deleted]
Here you go friendo: https://www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/5e6rcz/_/Thank you! I'll go and read it! 
IT'S RAINING!      	      	*^^on ^^my ^^face*What a terrible day for rain...
IT'S RAINING!      	      	*^^on ^^my ^^face*And if you think you see some tear tracks down my cheeks, please please... don't tell my mates
IT'S RAINING!      	      	*^^on ^^my ^^face*http://imgur.com/0f2gYpn
I imagine the golden retriever reacted to this news the same way golden retrievers react to everything.OH MY GOD HURRAY LIFE IS GOOD AM DOG
wait a sec.. the dog finds out it doesn't have cancer? i don't think dogs know what cancer is.It's more the owner telling them that.
So in our breakup my ex got our cats. She came over to our apartment yesterday while I was at work to grab the rest of her stuff. While she was here she took every photo of our cats that I had. I don't have digital versions of any of the pictures. So I have been very emotional about my cats today. Reading this literally had me in tears. What I'm about to say isn't very wholesome, but she sounds like a *bit of a meanie*.		I'm sorry bud <3
So in our breakup my ex got our cats. She came over to our apartment yesterday while I was at work to grab the rest of her stuff. While she was here she took every photo of our cats that I had. I don't have digital versions of any of the pictures. So I have been very emotional about my cats today. Reading this literally had me in tears. I don't often use the words "heartless monster" to describe people, but for her, I'll make an exception. It's one thing to split up and simply take what you think is yours (even if that's debatable), but what she did was deliberately meant to make you suffer as much as humanly possible. I'm so sorry you had to have your family taken away from you.		I hope they pee all over her stuff and meow at all hours of the night in her care.
My heart wtfNot gonna lie, this fucked me up a bit.
My heart wtf For real it made me tear up while in line to get Chinese food, the confused worker didn't need that hahaha		This reminds me though, I think there was actually a full on r/writingprompts post with a similar topic		Edit: I found it. But just noticed someone else also posted it. I'll leave it here anyway in case anyone is interested. 		https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5vefgi/wp_to_dogs_humans_are_almostimmortal_beings_with/
I take it back. Please sign me up for Power Ranger motorcycling factsSUBSCRIBE
Bellyrubs all around.  /u/Granbark's buying for the whole subreddit!three cheers for /u/Granbark!
And a rub and tug from me!		Just make sure you understand I mean with a rope. >tug		Oh 		>with a rope		Okkeii 
That's a nice kitty./r/gonewildoraww
That's a nice kitty.http://i.imgur.com/RhR0bPC.gif
one of my cats liked to come work with me, took me a long time to stop check the main room to see if he was there, sleeping on the pallets as usualMy cat used to follow me into my room if I was up late. I got really used to pausing before I closed my door so he could come in. Its been years and it still hasn't sunk in that he's not coming.
one of my cats liked to come work with me, took me a long time to stop check the main room to see if he was there, sleeping on the pallets as usualI'm so sorry for your loss. I lost both my 17-year-old cats in 2011 and it occasionally still fucks me up that they're not here anymore. When this one goes, it'll take me a long time to get used to not having a cat on my shoulder. This is her absolute favorite spot 		http://imgur.com/f7qVsig
one of my cats liked to come work with me, took me a long time to stop check the main room to see if he was there, sleeping on the pallets as usualYour post made me go and cuddle my cat.
one of my cats liked to come work with me, took me a long time to stop check the main room to see if he was there, sleeping on the pallets as usualI have had black cats my entire life, every shadow makes me think of them. 
I swept my floors every day. Cosmo died. I continued to sweep his 'tumble weeds'.  		Nearly 2 years after his passing, I moved a large piece of furniture. A 'tumbleweed'.  		And there, again, was Cosmo.I'm still finding tri-colored hair from my family's tabby and he passed like eight years ago. It's neat, in a way. A small memory hiding in an old sweatshirt waiting to be discovered 
I swept my floors every day. Cosmo died. I continued to sweep his 'tumble weeds'.  		Nearly 2 years after his passing, I moved a large piece of furniture. A 'tumbleweed'.  		And there, again, was Cosmo.What a terrible day for rain...
Get another dog to fill your house with love.	Plus you can tell the new one all the good stories about your pup that passed.It may be that only dogs can pull off this trick. Try that one with a new human and see what happens.
Get another dog to fill your house with love.	Plus you can tell the new one all the good stories about your pup that passed.My kids and I recently started volunteering at the animal shelter. The hardest part is that we'd like to adopt all of the dogs. The nice part is that often when we go back to do the volunteer work many of the dogs are already adopted. They do a really nice job at this particular shelter. It's a no-kill shelter. 
I just found out that we're soon going to have to put down my first dog I'd ever had, and not looking forward to when she's goneI read elsewhere on reddit (and I can't seem to find it again) that when you let a pet go, you transfer their suffering onto yourself. It's your last gift to them.
I just found out that we're soon going to have to put down my first dog I'd ever had, and not looking forward to when she's goneDog lovers love dogs. The phrase "Get another dog" sounds so jaded...almost like a new dog will fill the hole that the old dog left. I'll always miss my own first dog Zeke. But Daisy is a fantastic new dog, and I know I'll have many years of joy from and with her. You'll never fill the first hole, but you'll find space for love right next to it.
I just found out that we're soon going to have to put down my first dog I'd ever had, and not looking forward to when she's goneYeah definitely a rough experience, but it gets better with time. It's better than your little pal living in pain or discomfort constantly. 
I just found out that we're soon going to have to put down my first dog I'd ever had, and not looking forward to when she's goneJust know that you gave her the best life she could have had. I know it won't completely stop the hurting, but it's a little bit of help
I just found out that we're soon going to have to put down my first dog I'd ever had, and not looking forward to when she's goneI know this feeling is awful but remember happiness is not 0 sum. The joy and happiness you brought your friend throughout his or her life is order of magnitude greater than the hurt you're feeling now. The pain you feel is the sacrifice you've made to give a friend a literal lifetime of happiness. You've done a wonderful thing.
I just found out that we're soon going to have to put down my first dog I'd ever had, and not looking forward to when she's goneOur dogs we just let die naturally and they actually seemed quite peaceful about it. My first dog had a stroke and she was a little disabled but she could still go in and out. I would just sit with her and pet her and then she just went outside one day and crawled under a bush and died. It was so sad but she died very peacefully right after I had been hugging her and petting her. 
What a terrible day for rain...Oh. So it is.
What a terrible day for rain...It's always a bad idea to bring up FMA in a thread about dogs.
It's more the owner telling them that.But...that still... Ok.
What I'm about to say isn't very wholesome, but she sounds like a *bit of a meanie*.		I'm sorry bud <3Yeah, I don't know why she thought it was necessary to take them. She knew how hard it was for me to lose my girls. 
I don't often use the words "heartless monster" to describe people, but for her, I'll make an exception. It's one thing to split up and simply take what you think is yours (even if that's debatable), but what she did was deliberately meant to make you suffer as much as humanly possible. I'm so sorry you had to have your family taken away from you.		I hope they pee all over her stuff and meow at all hours of the night in her care.They wouldn't. They're the best cats ever. 
three cheers for /u/Granbark!Hip hip
>tug		Oh 		>with a rope		Okkeii Hey its me ur dog can I get a rub n tug ;)
My cat used to follow me into my room if I was up late. I got really used to pausing before I closed my door so he could come in. Its been years and it still hasn't sunk in that he's not coming.I moved out of my mom's and across the country last year, and it wasn't until I went back to visit last October that I learned my cat was gone. He was an outside cat, had been for years, and just disappeared one day. We lived in a good area for him, no traffic or predators, he reigned supreme. 		When my mom told me, I couldn't believe it. Seeing him again was one of the main reasons I flew out to visit. I hoped he had just went on a little adventure, so I spent several days walking around, calling his name. He never traveled far, and always came when I called for him. Went to the local shelter to see if he was there, but no luck. Finally I had to give up. 		I feel really bad, because he never knew I was coming back to see him. From his perspective, I just left one day. I still regularly dream of seeing him again, I miss the lil guy.  
My cat used to follow me into my room if I was up late. I got really used to pausing before I closed my door so he could come in. Its been years and it still hasn't sunk in that he's not coming.That's okay, you're giving his ghost time to come in instead. He'd appreciate that.		I still assume my dog is the one making all the weird noises in the house. She's been gone years too. Still noisy though.
I'm so sorry for your loss. I lost both my 17-year-old cats in 2011 and it occasionally still fucks me up that they're not here anymore. When this one goes, it'll take me a long time to get used to not having a cat on my shoulder. This is her absolute favorite spot 		http://imgur.com/f7qVsigAww she looks like such a sweetie! Got any more pics?
Your post made me go and cuddle my cat.Whoops! That's not a doggo! That's a fluffo! 
I'm still finding tri-colored hair from my family's tabby and he passed like eight years ago. It's neat, in a way. A small memory hiding in an old sweatshirt waiting to be discovered After a decade, I still have those too.  		I'll put on a dark jacket when it's cold (rarely, because So.Fla.) discover a hair/fur and holler, "Stop shedding Cosmo!"  		If doggy heaven is real, Cosmo is probably laughing at me, "Bitch puhleeez!" 
It may be that only dogs can pull off this trick. Try that one with a new human and see what happens.Bring home another dog and introduce them to your dog and it will take about 5 minutes to get the acquainted and then it's just all fun and games.		Try to bring a new woman home to your wife and all hell breaks loose.	
I read elsewhere on reddit (and I can't seem to find it again) that when you let a pet go, you transfer their suffering onto yourself. It's your last gift to them.that's really beautiful
I read elsewhere on reddit (and I can't seem to find it again) that when you let a pet go, you transfer their suffering onto yourself. It's your last gift to them.Great, now I'm going to cry at work.
I read elsewhere on reddit (and I can't seem to find it again) that when you let a pet go, you transfer their suffering onto yourself. It's your last gift to them.I highly doubt it was me, but I've made similar comments before. I promise my pets when I adopt them that I will do everything I can to spare them pain, especially at the end of life, even if it means taking on a great deal of it myself. I will take on the suffering if it means they no longer are
Dog lovers love dogs. The phrase "Get another dog" sounds so jaded...almost like a new dog will fill the hole that the old dog left. I'll always miss my own first dog Zeke. But Daisy is a fantastic new dog, and I know I'll have many years of joy from and with her. You'll never fill the first hole, but you'll find space for love right next to it.I never thought of it as replacing a dog. I've just seen it as opening your home to new animal in need.
Dog lovers love dogs. The phrase "Get another dog" sounds so jaded...almost like a new dog will fill the hole that the old dog left. I'll always miss my own first dog Zeke. But Daisy is a fantastic new dog, and I know I'll have many years of joy from and with her. You'll never fill the first hole, but you'll find space for love right next to it.I look at it like when we're letting go of one friend we have a duty to give another, new friend a life just as good as the life of our departed friend.		Love them because of your previous dogs, not to replace them. :)
Oh. So it is.Jesus christ guys, way to make this post even sadder :(
It's always a bad idea to bring up FMA in a thread about dogs.Ah god you're right, that's not very wholesome at all!
can you remind me what this is from?Yes I can.
Yeah, I don't know why she thought it was necessary to take them. She knew how hard it was for me to lose my girls. It takes a real freakin adult to kick someone while they're down :/		Hopefully Karma comes full circle
Hip hipHooray!
Hip hipBELLY RUB!
Hip hipHOORAY
I moved out of my mom's and across the country last year, and it wasn't until I went back to visit last October that I learned my cat was gone. He was an outside cat, had been for years, and just disappeared one day. We lived in a good area for him, no traffic or predators, he reigned supreme. 		When my mom told me, I couldn't believe it. Seeing him again was one of the main reasons I flew out to visit. I hoped he had just went on a little adventure, so I spent several days walking around, calling his name. He never traveled far, and always came when I called for him. Went to the local shelter to see if he was there, but no luck. Finally I had to give up. 		I feel really bad, because he never knew I was coming back to see him. From his perspective, I just left one day. I still regularly dream of seeing him again, I miss the lil guy.  Maybe he had to go somewhere, and he's gonna come back to visit just to see you one day, and you're not gonna be there either. And he'll think that you just went on a little adventure.		Oh fuck. I'm not crying. 
Aww she looks like such a sweetie! Got any more pics?Oh are you sure you want to go there? I have three so my phone is full of cat photos		http://imgur.com/PlwyZXf
Whoops! That's not a doggo! That's a fluffo! Kitters can be just as good!
Bring home another dog and introduce them to your dog and it will take about 5 minutes to get the acquainted and then it's just all fun and games.		Try to bring a new woman home to your wife and all hell breaks loose.	A better analogy would be adopting a new kid or roommate.
I never thought of it as replacing a dog. I've just seen it as opening your home to new animal in need.New dog. Old dog. All dog. Dogs are the best.
Ah god you're right, that's not very wholesome at all!B-brother. . .
It takes a real freakin adult to kick someone while they're down :/		Hopefully Karma comes full circleMeh. She's set herself up for a really bad situation in time. But that actually makes me sad. She may have hurt me over and over, but I still can't not love her and she is the mother to my beautiful and amazing cats. 
Hooray!Hip hip!
Maybe he had to go somewhere, and he's gonna come back to visit just to see you one day, and you're not gonna be there either. And he'll think that you just went on a little adventure.		Oh fuck. I'm not crying. I'm hoping he found a nice family to take him in, and he now spends his days lounging by a fire. 		It really sucks not having that closure though. As much as it would have sucked to find him laying in the woods somewhere, at least I'd know. I'm not sure what I'd prefer
Kitters can be just as good!Especially the headbutters. We had a cat that loved to head butt and i managed to let it train me in the art of the cat headbutt.		I feel like we had an accord (not the car).
New dog. Old dog. All dog. Dogs are the best.Truer words have never been spoken.
Hip hip!Hooray!
Hip hip!Hooray!
Especially the headbutters. We had a cat that loved to head butt and i managed to let it train me in the art of the cat headbutt.		I feel like we had an accord (not the car).My cat is headbutting me right now. 		Actually I lied, he's currently draped over my head because I didn't provide adequate pets in response to earlier headbutting. I'm stuck lying on this side now, if I try to roll over he'll make the sad noise. 
Truer words have never been spoken.Can confirm
Hooray!/r/wholesomememes 
Hooray!Hip hip
Hooray!Hip hip! 
