This'll cheer you up!Oh man, that made my day! 	It's been a particularly frustrating day, and I needed this. Thank you thank you
This'll cheer you up!Goddammit I literally just lost my faithful companion of 14 amazing years yesterday. I was holding it together til I saw this, now I'm a sniveling mess alone  in my room. 		This gif perfectly captures what it was like meeting him for the first time when I was 9. I miss you so much Blue. I'll never forget the years we had. 
This'll cheer you up!Aww that's what it was like meeting my dog for the first time too  he's my little baby 
This'll cheer you up!I just got off of work to find out my bearded dragon that ive had since she hatched passded away tonight. I've been balling my eyes out in my car, and i wanna thank you for making me smile again tonight 
This'll cheer you up!Can confirm, am having a bad day. 
This'll cheer you up![You gotta have the sound! Lovely scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFAWuYPuvhM)
This'll cheer you up!This is how I feel every time my cat is sleeping or something in another room and I go in to see her. It's such a wholesome feeling :)
This'll cheer you up!This sub is one of the best things that has happened to Reddit.
This'll cheer you up!HE WAS SO SMALL AND SHY GOD BLESS SNOOPY
This'll cheer you up!My grandma and Charles Schultz (creator of the peanuts), used to work on a team together, and when she left to go have a family, Schultz drew a picture of her and all her future kids around her. They all look a lot like Charlie Brown. She also said that a few people around of the office seemed suspiciously similar to some of the characters in the peanuts. 
This'll cheer you up!But everyone was mean to Charlie Brown even though he just wanted to be a nice guy. 
This'll cheer you up!Aww, that's so cute!!
This'll cheer you up![deleted]
This'll cheer you up!Is this the same episode where Snoopy reunites with his brothers and sisters and make a band?		Edit: This is what I was referring to: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDcD8fEGZwg
This'll cheer you up!Anyone know what Charlie Brown movie this was from?
This'll cheer you up!Is this bringing back memories of meeting your dog for the first time for anyone else or just me hahahaha no I'm not crying I've just got something in my eyes haha
This'll cheer you up!Found it with sound!		https://youtu.be/vFAWuYPuvhM
This'll cheer you up!This is what meeting my beagle for the first time in the shelter was like. Once I got him out of the cage he was in he jumped all over me. I'm gonna go pet him now.
Oh man, that made my day! 	It's been a particularly frustrating day, and I needed this. Thank you thank youSame for me. My SO tried everything he could to relieve this day, but nothing he did or said made me feel as good as this gif did.
Oh man, that made my day! 	It's been a particularly frustrating day, and I needed this. Thank you thank you[deleted]
Goddammit I literally just lost my faithful companion of 14 amazing years yesterday. I was holding it together til I saw this, now I'm a sniveling mess alone  in my room. 		This gif perfectly captures what it was like meeting him for the first time when I was 9. I miss you so much Blue. I'll never forget the years we had. Your dog gave you 14 years of happiness, you gave your dog a life time's worth of happiness. 
Goddammit I literally just lost my faithful companion of 14 amazing years yesterday. I was holding it together til I saw this, now I'm a sniveling mess alone  in my room. 		This gif perfectly captures what it was like meeting him for the first time when I was 9. I miss you so much Blue. I'll never forget the years we had. It's alright, friend. I'm going through my share of loss too. We can both hope to find new things to fill our beings soon.
Goddammit I literally just lost my faithful companion of 14 amazing years yesterday. I was holding it together til I saw this, now I'm a sniveling mess alone  in my room. 		This gif perfectly captures what it was like meeting him for the first time when I was 9. I miss you so much Blue. I'll never forget the years we had. [deleted]
Goddammit I literally just lost my faithful companion of 14 amazing years yesterday. I was holding it together til I saw this, now I'm a sniveling mess alone  in my room. 		This gif perfectly captures what it was like meeting him for the first time when I was 9. I miss you so much Blue. I'll never forget the years we had. Blue is waiting for you near the Rainbow Road. Sorry for your loss 
Aww that's what it was like meeting my dog for the first time too  he's my little baby I think the hardest decision in my life was my wife asking "which puppy?" as she held two adorable puppies. Was so annoyed I couldn't take both :(
Aww that's what it was like meeting my dog for the first time too  he's my little baby Me too thanks
Aww that's what it was like meeting my dog for the first time too  he's my little baby [deleted]
I just got off of work to find out my bearded dragon that ive had since she hatched passded away tonight. I've been balling my eyes out in my car, and i wanna thank you for making me smile again tonight I'm very sorry for your loss.  
I just got off of work to find out my bearded dragon that ive had since she hatched passded away tonight. I've been balling my eyes out in my car, and i wanna thank you for making me smile again tonight he/she is in dragon heaven now soaring the skies with its new dragon wings 
I just got off of work to find out my bearded dragon that ive had since she hatched passded away tonight. I've been balling my eyes out in my car, and i wanna thank you for making me smile again tonight I'm sorry for your loss.		I'm sure this doesn't help now, but I believe that a good pet leaves all of their goodness with us. She may be gone, but she has made you a better person with her memory.
I just got off of work to find out my bearded dragon that ive had since she hatched passded away tonight. I've been balling my eyes out in my car, and i wanna thank you for making me smile again tonight I'm so sorry about your beardie. I'm sure they had a wonderful life with friend who cares as much as you do.
Can confirm, am having a bad day. I hope this cheered you up, and I hope tomorrow goes much better for you! May your coffee order be made perfectly and may some random stranger give you a nice compliment.		In fact, I will be that stranger: You looked nice today. And I'm happy you're here in this subreddit with us. 
[You gotta have the sound! Lovely scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFAWuYPuvhM)...Wait...		DID I JUST UNDERSTAND THAT ADULT?
[You gotta have the sound! Lovely scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFAWuYPuvhM)W...why is the adult TALKING?!
[You gotta have the sound! Lovely scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFAWuYPuvhM)["Well, you're my dog now Snoopy!"](http://www.relatably.com/m/img/memes-crying-face/Sad-Crying-Meme-Face-04.png)  	
[You gotta have the sound! Lovely scene.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFAWuYPuvhM)Thanks so much for sharing this!  I've seen this gif before but had never seen the video.  		There are so many great "used" dogs out there!  My current dog and my last dog both had several different owners before me.  Not every dog matches with every person, but I've been really lucky to have some wonderful dogs.
This is how I feel every time my cat is sleeping or something in another room and I go in to see her. It's such a wholesome feeling :)I wish I had a pet
This sub is one of the best things that has happened to Reddit.It really is. In the last two months I have blocked a dozen or so subs. Before the election I had never needed to bother but the negativity from all directions became overwhelming. I am thrilled to see this #1 on my feed. 
My grandma and Charles Schultz (creator of the peanuts), used to work on a team together, and when she left to go have a family, Schultz drew a picture of her and all her future kids around her. They all look a lot like Charlie Brown. She also said that a few people around of the office seemed suspiciously similar to some of the characters in the peanuts. Which one was Pigpen? 
But everyone was mean to Charlie Brown even though he just wanted to be a nice guy. He had resolve to keep going
Anyone know what Charlie Brown movie this was from?Snoopy's Reunion. I had this on VHS when I was a kid.
Same for me. My SO tried everything he could to relieve this day, but nothing he did or said made me feel as good as this gif did.Please make sure that you let your SO know that you really and truly appreciate their efforts. They might feel bad if they failed to help you and you didn't let them know that you appreciate all of the kindness and consideration that they put into their efforts.
Same for me. My SO tried everything he could to relieve this day, but nothing he did or said made me feel as good as this gif did.I basically feel like this everyday ugh
Same for me. My SO tried everything he could to relieve this day, but nothing he did or said made me feel as good as this gif did.I can relate on the "shitty day" front. I was supposed to see my friend for the first time since high school and I was really looking forward to it. We'd actually been texting back and forth for a few weeks now, and she had to be in town for work so we made a "date" of it. Turns out, her supervisor switched things up on her at the last minute and she wouldn't be coming around. I thought oh well, might as well still grab a coffee since I was going there anyway. To my complete embarrassment, I walk into the cafe and see her sitting there with her "high school crush". Apparently he found out she'd be around and asked to meet, and she lied to me because she'd rather see him. I should have just left and I hate that I didn't, but for whatever reason I decided to confront them about it. As I was walking over, I was suddenly ambushed by The Undertaker and the Loch Ness monster, who proceeded to beat the crap out of me with jumper cables. I don't know what I was thinking. 		Anyway, sorry for the long post. Just wanted to share and get that off my chest. And for the record, this GIF definitely helped. :)
Your dog gave you 14 years of happiness, you gave your dog a life time's worth of happiness. :c
Your dog gave you 14 years of happiness, you gave your dog a life time's worth of happiness. I dont get too sad at pet deaths any.ore because of this. Sure it sucks your old bud is gone, but you gave them an entire lifetime of happiness. If you were even a semi decent owner you literally did all you could to make sure they had the happiest life they could. I can't feel too bad when they die anymore, knowing they'd have passed peacefully with the best possible life.
Your dog gave you 14 years of happiness, you gave your dog a life time's worth of happiness. I read this and instantly started crying. 
I think the hardest decision in my life was my wife asking "which puppy?" as she held two adorable puppies. Was so annoyed I couldn't take both :(I had to pick my Corgi out of a literal horde of corgi puppies. Like there were probably around 40 of them
I think the hardest decision in my life was my wife asking "which puppy?" as she held two adorable puppies. Was so annoyed I couldn't take both :(But luckly that other pupper found an owner of his own. I'm sure he means the world to the owner now
Me too thanksI like seeing me too thanks but in a happy context.
I hope this cheered you up, and I hope tomorrow goes much better for you! May your coffee order be made perfectly and may some random stranger give you a nice compliment.		In fact, I will be that stranger: You looked nice today. And I'm happy you're here in this subreddit with us. I really appreciate it, buddy. Unfortunately, it wouldn't be that hard for my day to be better tomorrow. My girlfriend broke up with me today :(
I hope this cheered you up, and I hope tomorrow goes much better for you! May your coffee order be made perfectly and may some random stranger give you a nice compliment.		In fact, I will be that stranger: You looked nice today. And I'm happy you're here in this subreddit with us. I love it here. 
...Wait...		DID I JUST UNDERSTAND THAT ADULT?No seriously someone tell me why that is
...Wait...		DID I JUST UNDERSTAND THAT ADULT?It's because Charlie Brown was actually paying attention 	He doesn't actually listen to the teacher, so it's all garbled. 
I wish I had a petIf you can't get a pet, you could volunteer at an animal shelter. That's what I do. There's a lot of poop cleaning, but I get to play with kittens whenever I want, so it all works out.
I wish I had a petHey its me, Your pet!
I wish I had a petWe are all your pet on this blessed day.
I like it but it's a little too far of a pendulum swing for me. It's unrealistic.That may be true, but do not forget how cynical many subs in reddit can be.
Please make sure that you let your SO know that you really and truly appreciate their efforts. They might feel bad if they failed to help you and you didn't let them know that you appreciate all of the kindness and consideration that they put into their efforts.This. 
I basically feel like this everyday ughHey, I know how that feels. I've struggled with anxiety and depression for many years, so if you need to talk, please PM me. There are no magic words to make you feel better, but please take it one day at a time, and remember that even a random internet stranger cares about you. Please, talk if you need to. If not to me, than to someone you care about, or, even better, a trained professional. I know I felt a lot better talking to someone who had no personal stake in my life other than to listen and to make me feel better. Which also defines my role in your life at this point, except I am neither trained nor professional. Regardless, I'm here if you need someone to talk to. 
I can relate on the "shitty day" front. I was supposed to see my friend for the first time since high school and I was really looking forward to it. We'd actually been texting back and forth for a few weeks now, and she had to be in town for work so we made a "date" of it. Turns out, her supervisor switched things up on her at the last minute and she wouldn't be coming around. I thought oh well, might as well still grab a coffee since I was going there anyway. To my complete embarrassment, I walk into the cafe and see her sitting there with her "high school crush". Apparently he found out she'd be around and asked to meet, and she lied to me because she'd rather see him. I should have just left and I hate that I didn't, but for whatever reason I decided to confront them about it. As I was walking over, I was suddenly ambushed by The Undertaker and the Loch Ness monster, who proceeded to beat the crap out of me with jumper cables. I don't know what I was thinking. 		Anyway, sorry for the long post. Just wanted to share and get that off my chest. And for the record, this GIF definitely helped. :)Goddamn it
I can relate on the "shitty day" front. I was supposed to see my friend for the first time since high school and I was really looking forward to it. We'd actually been texting back and forth for a few weeks now, and she had to be in town for work so we made a "date" of it. Turns out, her supervisor switched things up on her at the last minute and she wouldn't be coming around. I thought oh well, might as well still grab a coffee since I was going there anyway. To my complete embarrassment, I walk into the cafe and see her sitting there with her "high school crush". Apparently he found out she'd be around and asked to meet, and she lied to me because she'd rather see him. I should have just left and I hate that I didn't, but for whatever reason I decided to confront them about it. As I was walking over, I was suddenly ambushed by The Undertaker and the Loch Ness monster, who proceeded to beat the crap out of me with jumper cables. I don't know what I was thinking. 		Anyway, sorry for the long post. Just wanted to share and get that off my chest. And for the record, this GIF definitely helped. :)Wait, you aren't Roger Simon. Am I missing something? 
I can relate on the "shitty day" front. I was supposed to see my friend for the first time since high school and I was really looking forward to it. We'd actually been texting back and forth for a few weeks now, and she had to be in town for work so we made a "date" of it. Turns out, her supervisor switched things up on her at the last minute and she wouldn't be coming around. I thought oh well, might as well still grab a coffee since I was going there anyway. To my complete embarrassment, I walk into the cafe and see her sitting there with her "high school crush". Apparently he found out she'd be around and asked to meet, and she lied to me because she'd rather see him. I should have just left and I hate that I didn't, but for whatever reason I decided to confront them about it. As I was walking over, I was suddenly ambushed by The Undertaker and the Loch Ness monster, who proceeded to beat the crap out of me with jumper cables. I don't know what I was thinking. 		Anyway, sorry for the long post. Just wanted to share and get that off my chest. And for the record, this GIF definitely helped. :)We have reached peak meme.
I can relate on the "shitty day" front. I was supposed to see my friend for the first time since high school and I was really looking forward to it. We'd actually been texting back and forth for a few weeks now, and she had to be in town for work so we made a "date" of it. Turns out, her supervisor switched things up on her at the last minute and she wouldn't be coming around. I thought oh well, might as well still grab a coffee since I was going there anyway. To my complete embarrassment, I walk into the cafe and see her sitting there with her "high school crush". Apparently he found out she'd be around and asked to meet, and she lied to me because she'd rather see him. I should have just left and I hate that I didn't, but for whatever reason I decided to confront them about it. As I was walking over, I was suddenly ambushed by The Undertaker and the Loch Ness monster, who proceeded to beat the crap out of me with jumper cables. I don't know what I was thinking. 		Anyway, sorry for the long post. Just wanted to share and get that off my chest. And for the record, this GIF definitely helped. :)No sub is safe 
I can relate on the "shitty day" front. I was supposed to see my friend for the first time since high school and I was really looking forward to it. We'd actually been texting back and forth for a few weeks now, and she had to be in town for work so we made a "date" of it. Turns out, her supervisor switched things up on her at the last minute and she wouldn't be coming around. I thought oh well, might as well still grab a coffee since I was going there anyway. To my complete embarrassment, I walk into the cafe and see her sitting there with her "high school crush". Apparently he found out she'd be around and asked to meet, and she lied to me because she'd rather see him. I should have just left and I hate that I didn't, but for whatever reason I decided to confront them about it. As I was walking over, I was suddenly ambushed by The Undertaker and the Loch Ness monster, who proceeded to beat the crap out of me with jumper cables. I don't know what I was thinking. 		Anyway, sorry for the long post. Just wanted to share and get that off my chest. And for the record, this GIF definitely helped. :)Thanks for writing that,		and thanks, OP for this post!		 `-___-___-__-___-___-`
Are you police or something [deleted]
:c:o3
I dont get too sad at pet deaths any.ore because of this. Sure it sucks your old bud is gone, but you gave them an entire lifetime of happiness. If you were even a semi decent owner you literally did all you could to make sure they had the happiest life they could. I can't feel too bad when they die anymore, knowing they'd have passed peacefully with the best possible life."Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened."
I had to pick my Corgi out of a literal horde of corgi puppies. Like there were probably around 40 of themI see you found heaven. 
[removed]Not very wholesome, this comment.		A discussion of interest and capability should be the first option.
[removed]Dragons are beyond such moral complexities. They go where they please. Unless we're talking about the Elder Scrolls or Dungeons and Dragons or something, then there's a few thousand layers of lore on top of that.
I really appreciate it, buddy. Unfortunately, it wouldn't be that hard for my day to be better tomorrow. My girlfriend broke up with me today :(Two things are always true in these situations. It always sucks and it always gets better in time. 		It's okay to cry. It's okay to eat shitty. It's okay to be upset. But all in moderation. Then be happy, go outside, do something fun. You'll be alright.
I really appreciate it, buddy. Unfortunately, it wouldn't be that hard for my day to be better tomorrow. My girlfriend broke up with me today :(:(
No seriously someone tell me why that isI gotchu fam!		Basically it's because womwom wom wwwom wom womp womwomwomp.
No seriously someone tell me why that isThey always spoke plain English. You just couldn't understand it when you were a kid.
If you can't get a pet, you could volunteer at an animal shelter. That's what I do. There's a lot of poop cleaning, but I get to play with kittens whenever I want, so it all works out.This is great advice
We are all your pet on this blessed day.Speak for yourself 
I see you found heaven. I don't think heaven involves leaving 39 adorable puppies behind
Two things are always true in these situations. It always sucks and it always gets better in time. 		It's okay to cry. It's okay to eat shitty. It's okay to be upset. But all in moderation. Then be happy, go outside, do something fun. You'll be alright.Where were you with your advice when I needed it few years back!!! I didn't do any of it in moderation :/
Speak for yourself I am all your pet on this blessed day?
I don't think heaven involves leaving 39 adorable puppies behindYou misunderstand, he never left
Where were you with your advice when I needed it few years back!!! I didn't do any of it in moderation :/I was doing the same thing, don't worry. It's a normal thing to fall into. All we can do is take that knowledge and use it the next time it happens. If it gets even a bit better each time, then that's something to be proud of 
But with who am I supposed to share stories of all this fun stuff I'm doing? :(Me. Us. :) 	We're all here to listen, buddy. 
I am all your pet on this blessed day?Meme fulfilled. 
