Simpsons can be really wholesome too> Homer: Thanks for giving me my job back, Mr. Burns.		>Mr. Burns: I'm afraid it's not that simple. As punishment for your desertion, it's company policy to give you *the plague.*		>Waylon Smithers: Uh, sir, that's the "plaque." 
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooFuturama has a lot of episodes like this too. Like the one where Fry spends the entire episode angry with his brother for stealing his life after he was frozen only to find out in the end that his brother missed him so much he named his son after him.		"Here lies Philip J Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit."
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooI cry every time I watch this episode (S06E13 for those wondering)
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooThe power of wholesome has made Homer smart enough to do this. I'm amazed.
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooThat is to say, you do it for him.
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooThe earlier seasons for sure. 
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooThe improvised I always gets me because even though Homer in portrayed as a fool you know he has a bigger heart than any other character in that show.
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooI'd love to have that kind of job security.
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooThe initial seasons of The Simpsons had a lot of depth to them, I loved it.
Simpsons can be really wholesome too[deleted]
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooOh, so thats where it originated 
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooMakes me cry every time I see this because it reminds me of my dad.
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooMy dad had the same job as Homer Simpson (QC at a nuke). He worked there his whole career doing that. He's retiring in like 2 years. As i get older, this scene hits me harder and harder. 
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooI love this episode, it's so poignant and strikes a chord with everyone. Conan definitely wrote some of the greatest episodes. 
Simpsons can be really wholesome too[The "her" I do everything for.](https://imgur.com/a/9oSW1) Love my little Spider-Princess so much. 		Having a kid is so great. This moment hits home so much more now than it used to. I feel like I can bear anything for her.
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooDOT FOR HER
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooIve seen this episode literally at least 100 times since it first aired, and I don't think I've ever NOT cried at this scene. 
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooThis might sound strange but I've always thought Homer was a great character/husband/dad. At the end of all the crazy things he does he always tells marge "I love you Marge" and she replies "I love you homie". 	Since I was young I was rooting for him. He's a sweet man but with a simple, impulsive, brain, likely ADD/ADHD If you really want to look into it. The majority of the stunts he pulls are for his families interest (even if they're very flawed)	That, or, he reminded me of my father. (Good and bad). 
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooI loved this when I was 20 with no wife or kids and I love it now at 47 with one or more of the previous.
Simpsons can be really wholesome tooQuality wholesome meme	
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		This has to be the most used bot in all of reddit.
> Homer: Thanks for giving me my job back, Mr. Burns.		>Mr. Burns: I'm afraid it's not that simple. As punishment for your desertion, it's company policy to give you *the plague.*		>Waylon Smithers: Uh, sir, that's the "plaque." Hey it's not often you see "Waylon" written down. Looks real weird, I don't like it. 
Futurama has a lot of episodes like this too. Like the one where Fry spends the entire episode angry with his brother for stealing his life after he was frozen only to find out in the end that his brother missed him so much he named his son after him.		"Here lies Philip J Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit."Especially when you realize that because he named his son Philip instead of Yancy, he broke a very very long chain of Yancy's, "Your named after my father, and his father, and his father, all fought in the wars of their time!" (From memory, probably very wrong.)		He broke that chain!
Futurama has a lot of episodes like this too. Like the one where Fry spends the entire episode angry with his brother for stealing his life after he was frozen only to find out in the end that his brother missed him so much he named his son after him.		"Here lies Philip J Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit."Or the dog episode!!! Or when his mom thinks he's dreaming! Or the finale! Or... gdi, Futurama.
Futurama has a lot of episodes like this too. Like the one where Fry spends the entire episode angry with his brother for stealing his life after he was frozen only to find out in the end that his brother missed him so much he named his son after him.		"Here lies Philip J Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit."I'm on about my third (maybe fourth) rewatch of it now. When Nibbler sends Fry into his mothers dream in one of the last episodes it REALLY got to me! Luckily i still have my mom in my life, and i have a close relationship with her. I can't imagine how he must have felt.
Futurama has a lot of episodes like this too. Like the one where Fry spends the entire episode angry with his brother for stealing his life after he was frozen only to find out in the end that his brother missed him so much he named his son after him.		"Here lies Philip J Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit."Futurama had so much heart! Which was really refreshing because it came like 5 years after The Simpsons had lost that side. 
Futurama has a lot of episodes like this too. Like the one where Fry spends the entire episode angry with his brother for stealing his life after he was frozen only to find out in the end that his brother missed him so much he named his son after him.		"Here lies Philip J Fry, named for his uncle to carry on his spirit."Gets me everytime. I don't really care for the dog episode or the mom episode, but when fry reads that line and the tears well up in his eyes, it makes me teary eyed too.		And then of course I laugh right after when bender says "hey fry you want me to smack the corpse up a little?!" lmao
I cry every time I watch this episode (S06E13 for those wondering)It's good to cry sometimes :)
I cry every time I watch this episode (S06E13 for those wondering)I've never seen this episode, what happens in it? 
I cry every time I watch this episode (S06E13 for those wondering)Oh god me too. The last scene from when Homer's mom returns also gets me a little teary eyed 
The power of wholesome has made Homer smart enough to do this. I'm amazed.Homer didn't use to be dim-witted. Just simple, average, well-meaning, with a lot of human flaws. Until Flanderization set in. 
That is to say, you do it for him.Deep down, you know, you weren't built for fighting...
That is to say, you do it for him./r/stevenuniverse is leaking once again
That is to say, you do it for him.I was worried I wouldn't find this comment while I was scrolling down. Sadly it looks like many people don't get the reference.
That is to say, you do it for him.Simpsons and Steven Universe in one topic just raises the level of wholesome.
The earlier seasons for sure. Until everyone got... Flanderized. 
The improvised I always gets me because even though Homer in portrayed as a fool you know he has a bigger heart than any other character in that show.To be fair, having a large store of emotions and having a large store of intelligence and/or wisdom are hardly synonymous.		I mean, Homer has the occasional pet the dog moment, but he does chronically abuse the hell out of Bart, Lisa, and Marge.
The improvised I always gets me because even though Homer in portrayed as a fool you know he has a bigger heart than any other character in that show.His episodes with Lisa are always special 
I'd love to have that kind of job security.Keep in mind that job security doesnt mean happiness, and they are two very very different things.
Post never gets old Just like Maggie.
Not to be the downer here, but shouldn't that read "do it for them", and contain pictures of Bart and Lisa?The story in the episode explains that the reason he has to work at the plant again after quitting is to support the extra cost of Maggie. Otherwise he would be working his dream job 
Not to be the downer here, but shouldn't that read "do it for them", and contain pictures of Bart and Lisa?Bart and Lisa didn't need that, he could happily support them with his job at the bowling alley. Maggie's the reason he had to go back to the plant.
Not to be the downer here, but shouldn't that read "do it for them", and contain pictures of Bart and Lisa?There is no 'Them' on the sign
Hey it's not often you see "Waylon" written down. Looks real weird, I don't like it. Pronouncing it (weigh-lawn) makes it sound like an impoverished country in the midst of a war.		edit: to all people correcting me, I am attempting to pronounce it incorrectly for the sake of the joke.
Hey it's not often you see "Waylon" written down. Looks real weird, I don't like it. Not if you're an outlaw country fan.
Especially when you realize that because he named his son Philip instead of Yancy, he broke a very very long chain of Yancy's, "Your named after my father, and his father, and his father, all fought in the wars of their time!" (From memory, probably very wrong.)		He broke that chain!Is it confirmed Yancy only had one kid?
Especially when you realize that because he named his son Philip instead of Yancy, he broke a very very long chain of Yancy's, "Your named after my father, and his father, and his father, all fought in the wars of their time!" (From memory, probably very wrong.)		He broke that chain!Oh god I never thought of that. I need to leave this thread I'm crying too much now. 
Or the dog episode!!! Or when his mom thinks he's dreaming! Or the finale! Or... gdi, Futurama.God the episode where fry talks to his mother in her dream is a heart destroyer
Or the dog episode!!! Or when his mom thinks he's dreaming! Or the finale! Or... gdi, Futurama.Jurassic bark, gets me every time. Benders story arc is great in that episode.
Or the dog episode!!! Or when his mom thinks he's dreaming! Or the finale! Or... gdi, Futurama.Don't forget when we find out Bender was supposed to be decommissioned as a baby robot and Hermes saved him. 
Or the dog episode!!! Or when his mom thinks he's dreaming! Or the finale! Or... gdi, Futurama.Do you mean the *finale finale* or the original finale?
Or the dog episode!!! Or when his mom thinks he's dreaming! Or the finale! Or... gdi, Futurama.The dog episode get me every time 
I'm on about my third (maybe fourth) rewatch of it now. When Nibbler sends Fry into his mothers dream in one of the last episodes it REALLY got to me! Luckily i still have my mom in my life, and i have a close relationship with her. I can't imagine how he must have felt.http://i.imgur.com/croo8F2.jpg
Futurama had so much heart! Which was really refreshing because it came like 5 years after The Simpsons had lost that side. It's sad that the revival didn't capture all the spirit of the first four seasons. 
Gets me everytime. I don't really care for the dog episode or the mom episode, but when fry reads that line and the tears well up in his eyes, it makes me teary eyed too.		And then of course I laugh right after when bender says "hey fry you want me to smack the corpse up a little?!" lmaoBender is amazing when he gets the chance to play the straight man
It's good to cry sometimes :)thats why i do it everyd-- oh wait this isnt r/me_irl
I've never seen this episode, what happens in it? Homer is finally financially stable enough with his 4 person family to quit his job in a not-so-professional way and work his "dream job" (in quotes because he has a million dream jobs throughout the series) at the bowling alley. However Marge gets preggo with Maggie so he has to go beg Burns for his job back. One of the better episodes of the series IMO.
I've never seen this episode, what happens in it? If I recall correctly, Homer finally pays off the mortgage on the house so he quits his job at the nuclear power plant that he hates so he can work his dream job at a bowling alley. It's lower paying but is enough to support Marge, Lisa and Bart and Homer is finally happy. However, Marge gets pregnant with Maggie and to support the additional mouth to feed, Homer begs Mr Burns for his old job back. 
I've never seen this episode, what happens in it? You've never seen one of the best episodes of the series?!		Did you get your head stuck in the Shine-O-Ball-O?
I've never seen this episode, what happens in it? Yes, the other comments are right, Homer is finally financially stable and quits his job, but this is a flashback, most of the episode is a flashback from a few months or years ago.		It all starts when Bart and Lisa ask why aren't there any Maggie pictures in the family album.		At the end of the episode Bart insists: "Yeah, but you still didn't explain why there are no Maggie pictures"		Homer replies: "I have them exactly where I need them".		And we see the image on the lower frame of OP's image.
[removed]I get where you are coming from, and I'll be the first to say most anecdotal parenting feel good words from people who are parents is overbloated feel good bullshit people post to Facebook just to feel good about themselves....		But dude sometimes when you get hit with that an entirely innocent and shapeable other life depends entirely on you (the Maggie grabbing Homer's finger moment of your own life) and it feels like you just jumped into a lake so cold it knocked your breath away, you may look at it differently in that he isn't being forced to suffer because he has to support her,  he's choosing to be there for her and everything else (not living his own dreams) fades into the background (the do it for her message obfuscating the stuck here forever sign). 		He's not being forced to tolerate a life of misery that he resents, he's redefining his situation on his own terms to make it from all about him to all about her.  To me, that's a fucking Dad. 
[removed]Whoa, friend, did you forget you were in r/wholesomememes? 		You don't have to have kids if you don't want to. In fact, that's a very smart choice to make! 		But for many of us who do have kids, life isn't like this episode! I have kids and I am working a job I love. My husband enjoys his job well enough, and most importantly, it gives him the freedom and financial independence to pursue hobbies in his free time that bring him great joy. It isn't always a choice like represented in this Simpsons episode. 		Hope you have a great day!
[removed]Looks like childfree is leaking. I love that sub most of the time, but there seems to be a significant portion of the population that despises people procreating at all. Like, even warm loving families that have their shit together are literally satan to some childfree dwellers. 
[removed]Ask many parents and they'll say it's worth it. Obviously not everyone who has kids feels this way, but unconditional love is a funny thing.
Homer didn't use to be dim-witted. Just simple, average, well-meaning, with a lot of human flaws. Until Flanderization set in. [deleted]
Homer didn't use to be dim-witted. Just simple, average, well-meaning, with a lot of human flaws. Until Flanderization set in. That's what happens when you over-flanderize your characters. Too many people forget to take them off the stove, and they end up all mucky.
Homer didn't use to be dim-witted. Just simple, average, well-meaning, with a lot of human flaws. Until Flanderization set in. What is Flanderization?
Homer didn't use to be dim-witted. Just simple, average, well-meaning, with a lot of human flaws. Until Flanderization set in. This is too wholesome for me.
Homer didn't use to be dim-witted. Just simple, average, well-meaning, with a lot of human flaws. Until Flanderization set in. I loved seasons 2 through 7 the best, and I remember a lot of complaints after season 7 (maybe around season 8 through 11) that Homer was becoming too much of a "dim-witted dad" caricature.		That said, as you mention he's always been portrayed as having human flaws and even as not being smart.  It just was not originally his defining character trait.	
Deep down, you know, you weren't built for fighting...But that doesn't mean you're not prepared to try... 
/r/stevenuniverse is leaking once again/r/stevenuniverse leaks all the time, like Greg when he sees a rock.
I was worried I wouldn't find this comment while I was scrolling down. Sadly it looks like many people don't get the reference.I only clicked into the comments to CTRL+F "That is to say" and it gave me the biggest grin to find it here already.
I was worried I wouldn't find this comment while I was scrolling down. Sadly it looks like many people don't get the reference.What would that be?
Until everyone got... Flanderized. Everything changed when the Flandernation attacked.
Until everyone got... Flanderized. It was so sad to see Family guy [suffer the same fate](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/10/39/1b/10391b0cf2f035c9a953077fdfe2fe3b.jpg).
Keep in mind that job security doesnt mean happiness, and they are two very very different things.Id rather have the job security.
Pronouncing it (weigh-lawn) makes it sound like an impoverished country in the midst of a war.		edit: to all people correcting me, I am attempting to pronounce it incorrectly for the sake of the joke.It's odd that you would choose "weigh" instead of "way" to describe the pronunciation when the latter is spelled much closer to how it sounds. English is strange. 
Pronouncing it (weigh-lawn) makes it sound like an impoverished country in the midst of a war.		edit: to all people correcting me, I am attempting to pronounce it incorrectly for the sake of the joke.I'm leaning towards Klingon name more than impoverished country. 
Not if you're an outlaw country fan.Luckenbach Texas is a god tier country song. 
Is it confirmed Yancy only had one kid?I've never seen another one mentioned but either way tradition usually states that the first born is the one that carries on the family name.
God the episode where fry talks to his mother in her dream is a heart destroyerThe Hermes + Bender origin really got me personally and I think it's a tad underappreciated
God the episode where fry talks to his mother in her dream is a heart destroyerI watched that episode maybe a month after my mom had passed, I was just watching the show over a bowl of cereal in the morning and by the end I was just crying. Messed me back up for like two days.
God the episode where fry talks to his mother in her dream is a heart destroyerMy favorite episode, personally.
Jurassic bark, gets me every time. Benders story arc is great in that episode."I'm 40% Dolomite!"
Don't forget when we find out Bender was supposed to be decommissioned as a baby robot and Hermes saved him. That song gets me every time. I have it on my "Time to Cry" playlist.
Do you mean the *finale finale* or the original finale?Futurama had four potential finales, and all of them were rather touching in their own way. The blessing and curse of a series that was often threatened with permanent cancellation. 
Do you mean the *finale finale* or the original finale?I forget which one it is.. possibly the final finale, where Fry and Lela get stuck in time and at the end he asks Lela if she wants to go around again.
It's sad that the revival didn't capture all the spirit of the first four seasons. I really thought it did pretty well. I think the overall hit rate of the last few seasons isn't as good, but it still has several truly top-tier episodes. 
It's sad that the revival didn't capture all the spirit of the first four seasons. Was still pretty good IMO. 		Many episodes wouldn't have felt out of place in the Originals.
thats why i do it everyd-- oh wait this isnt r/me_irlPlease don't cry, buddy
Homer is finally financially stable enough with his 4 person family to quit his job in a not-so-professional way and work his "dream job" (in quotes because he has a million dream jobs throughout the series) at the bowling alley. However Marge gets preggo with Maggie so he has to go beg Burns for his job back. One of the better episodes of the series IMO.He's also totally complaining the whole time Marge is pregnant, even while Marge is in labour, but when Maggie reaches out and grabs his finger after being born, Homer instantly falls in love. 
Homer is finally financially stable enough with his 4 person family to quit his job in a not-so-professional way and work his "dream job" (in quotes because he has a million dream jobs throughout the series) at the bowling alley. However Marge gets preggo with Maggie so he has to go beg Burns for his job back. One of the better episodes of the series IMO.It's one of my favourite episodes -- not just because it's an emotional one, but because it has some of my favourite jokes in the series, like Homer's walk home when everybody knows about Marge's pregnancy except for him:		Homer: Ah, another perfect day in my perfect life with my perfect job.		Wiggum: [driving by] Hey, just heard the news over the squawk box. That's nice work, Homer.		Homer: Thank you, thank you very much.  It is nice work.		Apu: Oh, Mr. Simpson, I have just heard about the little bundle of joy.  Congratulations, sir!		Homer: It's true, the bundle is little, but I'm not in it for the money.		Moe: Hey, Homer!  Way to get Marge pregnant!		Homer: This is getting very abstract, but thank you. I *do* enjoy working at the bowling alley.		Followed by [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZEm9_U_OiM).
Homer is finally financially stable enough with his 4 person family to quit his job in a not-so-professional way and work his "dream job" (in quotes because he has a million dream jobs throughout the series) at the bowling alley. However Marge gets preggo with Maggie so he has to go beg Burns for his job back. One of the better episodes of the series IMO.Aw that sounds like that episode would get me a bit emotional. Thanks for explaining!
You've never seen one of the best episodes of the series?!		Did you get your head stuck in the Shine-O-Ball-O?Homer, did you stick your head in the Shine-O-Ball-O?
What is Flanderization?It's when they take the quirk of a character and make it the entire character. It actually comes from the Simpsons character Ned Flanders. He is the Simpson's neighbor who is a devout Christian. But overall a well adjusted person. As the show went on he became crazy religious and lost his humble but friendly neighbor 
What is Flanderization?The tendency for a character in a long-running series to become less like a real person and more of a caricature over-emphasizing one extreme personality trait.		The titular example is Ned Flanders in The Simpsons who started off as a regular dad who was somewhat religious, to his religious faith becoming more and more extreme until he was basically just a caricature.		It's pretty common, and you can see it in any series that has become popular, not just comedy - the writers see one aspect of a character that audiences seem to identify with and make him or her more and more of an extreme example of that personality type.		For other examples, see pretty much every character in Everybody Loves Raymond, Chandler in Friends, Always Sunny in Philadelphia seems to do it deliberately, etc.  Any it's not just comedy, if there is a slightly quirky character in a crime drama he or she will be full on neurotic a few series later.		
What is Flanderization?http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/Flanderization
But that doesn't mean you're not prepared to try... What they, don't know, is your real advantage:
What would that be?A reference to Steven Universe, a very sweet and wholesome cartoon. We're specifically referencing a song in the show called "Do It For Her". Check it out on YouTube, it's a pretty awesome song.
What would that be?[Steven Universe.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yG8caPPY1Y)
Everything changed when the Flandernation attacked.Wot in flandernation
It was so sad to see Family guy [suffer the same fate](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/10/39/1b/10391b0cf2f035c9a953077fdfe2fe3b.jpg).Oh, no. Family Guy has gotten way worse that the Simpsons. The Simpsons is just dull, while Family Guy is actively terrible.
It was so sad to see Family guy [suffer the same fate](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/10/39/1b/10391b0cf2f035c9a953077fdfe2fe3b.jpg).I dunno.  The characters changed a lot that's for sure, but I've been watching Family Guy on Netflix lately and I started around season 8, and went to 14, now I'm rewatching from 1, and overall the jokes are the same.  	Yes the characters have deviated from what they were originally, but the humor is more or less the same as when it started.  Random jokes here, with some gay jokes, sex jokes, and misogynistic jokes, add in some celebrity references.
Id rather have the job security.Wanna trade?
It's odd that you would choose "weigh" instead of "way" to describe the pronunciation when the latter is spelled much closer to how it sounds. English is strange. Yeah they both sound the same and I can't imagine any other way to pronounce Waylon.
The Hermes + Bender origin really got me personally and I think it's a tad underappreciated[Little Bird Little Bird](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz6WRiNwujQ)
The Hermes + Bender origin really got me personally and I think it's a tad underappreciatedPersonally, the one that got me was when Fry spends the entire episode rearranging stars for Leela to leave her a note. Gets me every time.
The Hermes + Bender origin really got me personally and I think it's a tad underappreciatedThe only problem that episode has is it happens so late in the series, and isn't about Fry, that when people talk about favorite episodes it's after the time the best episode occur, and when people talk about tragic Fry episodes, it doesn't get included. That episode exists in a set of only itself. 
The Hermes + Bender origin really got me personally and I think it's a tad underappreciatedFry with Lars absolutely kills me every time. That scene when it clicks and he realizes who Lars is has, and I think always will, blow me away.
"I'm 40% Dolomite!"*If...it...takes....forever, I will wait for you.*
That song gets me every time. I have it on my "Time to Cry" playlist.[:'(](http://i.imgur.com/jJlJPar.jpg)
I forget which one it is.. possibly the final finale, where Fry and Lela get stuck in time and at the end he asks Lela if she wants to go around again.Yep, that's the final finale.  Such a touching way to end the series. 
I really thought it did pretty well. I think the overall hit rate of the last few seasons isn't as good, but it still has several truly top-tier episodes. That time traveling forward episode was dope top 15 of the whole show imo
Please don't cry, buddythanks friend :) 
He's also totally complaining the whole time Marge is pregnant, even while Marge is in labour, but when Maggie reaches out and grabs his finger after being born, Homer instantly falls in love. As a dad who had his son grab his finger within 5 minutes of being born this us the only episode of the Simpsons I have seen and it reduced me to a fucking mess of tears 
He's also totally complaining the whole time Marge is pregnant, even while Marge is in labour, but when Maggie reaches out and grabs his finger after being born, Homer instantly falls in love. Also, seeing all the photos of Maggie on his wall at work is the Citizen Kane style "reveal" at the end - the rest of the episode prior to that is a flashback which attempts to explain why he has no photos of Maggie in the photo books at home.		There's a running joke in some episodes of The Simpsons that Homer sometimes seems to forget he has a third daughter (in episodes both before and after this), and this episode lovingly plays on that, proving that in reality it isn't really the case and she's special to him.
It's one of my favourite episodes -- not just because it's an emotional one, but because it has some of my favourite jokes in the series, like Homer's walk home when everybody knows about Marge's pregnancy except for him:		Homer: Ah, another perfect day in my perfect life with my perfect job.		Wiggum: [driving by] Hey, just heard the news over the squawk box. That's nice work, Homer.		Homer: Thank you, thank you very much.  It is nice work.		Apu: Oh, Mr. Simpson, I have just heard about the little bundle of joy.  Congratulations, sir!		Homer: It's true, the bundle is little, but I'm not in it for the money.		Moe: Hey, Homer!  Way to get Marge pregnant!		Homer: This is getting very abstract, but thank you. I *do* enjoy working at the bowling alley.		Followed by [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZEm9_U_OiM).Easily one of the best simpsons jokes! 
It's one of my favourite episodes -- not just because it's an emotional one, but because it has some of my favourite jokes in the series, like Homer's walk home when everybody knows about Marge's pregnancy except for him:		Homer: Ah, another perfect day in my perfect life with my perfect job.		Wiggum: [driving by] Hey, just heard the news over the squawk box. That's nice work, Homer.		Homer: Thank you, thank you very much.  It is nice work.		Apu: Oh, Mr. Simpson, I have just heard about the little bundle of joy.  Congratulations, sir!		Homer: It's true, the bundle is little, but I'm not in it for the money.		Moe: Hey, Homer!  Way to get Marge pregnant!		Homer: This is getting very abstract, but thank you. I *do* enjoy working at the bowling alley.		Followed by [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZEm9_U_OiM).Haha that's brilliant, I said to myself it would've been hilarious if he had 3 strands of hair in the flashback and pulled one out and I looked back and they actually did exactly that!
Aw that sounds like that episode would get me a bit emotional. Thanks for explaining!The important part he left out is that after Homer begs for his job back, the one condition to him getting the job is that he must work every day with that plaque.
[removed]That's both too dark for The Simpsons and too dark for a mainstream TV show made in 1994.
[one of my favorite examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8P5Z8DGoSWQ)[deleted]
[one of my favorite examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8P5Z8DGoSWQ)Mine is still the one about class president. Give the baby it's bottle 
[one of my favorite examples](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8P5Z8DGoSWQ)That whole episode is wholesome material. Homer thinks he is about to die and tries to fulfill all the dreams he had, but the time goes by too quickly to accomplish all of them. 
BARTDOYOUWANTTOSEEMYNEWCHAINSAWANDHOCKEYMASK?!!!?Oh right... The Sideshow Bob thing.
It's when they take the quirk of a character and make it the entire character. It actually comes from the Simpsons character Ned Flanders. He is the Simpson's neighbor who is a devout Christian. But overall a well adjusted person. As the show went on he became crazy religious and lost his humble but friendly neighbor They also deleted his depth. The class divide between Homer and Ned defined them as well. 
What they, don't know, is your real advantage:When you live for someone you're pre-pared to die. 
A reference to Steven Universe, a very sweet and wholesome cartoon. We're specifically referencing a song in the show called "Do It For Her". Check it out on YouTube, it's a pretty awesome song.It's such an amazing show. I was singing along to "it's over, isn't it" and "here comes a thought" on there way home today, and they're both so emotional. On the second one, my husband turned the volume down to listen to me sing and squeezed my hand tight. We're going through a really changeable time right now and I don't think we realized until then what a meaningful song it is for us.		I can't wait for my daughter to be old enough to understand it. What a beautiful, funny, inspiring, heartwarming cartoon.
A reference to Steven Universe, a very sweet and wholesome cartoon. We're specifically referencing a song in the show called "Do It For Her". Check it out on YouTube, it's a pretty awesome song.Thank you.
[Steven Universe.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yG8caPPY1Y)Thank you.
[Steven Universe.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yG8caPPY1Y)I don't watch Steven Universe but that was a very nice song. That voice actress has a beautiful voice.
Oh, no. Family Guy has gotten way worse that the Simpsons. The Simpsons is just dull, while Family Guy is actively terrible.My personal favorite is the one where Quagmire sexually and mentally abused a woman. Or the one where Peter gets sexually abused by his boss (played by the late Carrie Fisher.) Or the one where Brian knowingly gives Stewie herpes.
Oh, no. Family Guy has gotten way worse that the Simpsons. The Simpsons is just dull, while Family Guy is actively terrible.The only reason family guy is still around is because it's the choice of middle school kids everywhere for "edgy 'adult' cartoons". They watch it thinking it's still cutting edge and edgy. 		I mean I guess it probably is if you're in middle school and your entire concept of nuance is just being raunchy for raunchiness sake. 		I mean if you've never seen another "adult" cartoon and a recent family guy episode is all you saw, you might like it too. It's partly that you've seen it and all it has to offer already. 		E: I'm not saying it's bad to like the show. Just a large deal of its popularity comes from that. I still watch the occasional episode or two on netflix, but I just don't enjoy it like I used to. I mean obviously the show is still popular (and doing well afaik) and I was generalizing more for comedic effect rather than to call anyone who liked it a middle schooler. People like mindless fun sometimes, whoda thunk. 
I dunno.  The characters changed a lot that's for sure, but I've been watching Family Guy on Netflix lately and I started around season 8, and went to 14, now I'm rewatching from 1, and overall the jokes are the same.  	Yes the characters have deviated from what they were originally, but the humor is more or less the same as when it started.  Random jokes here, with some gay jokes, sex jokes, and misogynistic jokes, add in some celebrity references.I think that's why people think it used to be better.  It never improved, and got old fast
Yeah they both sound the same and I can't imagine any other way to pronounce Waylon.hWaylon
Yeah they both sound the same and I can't imagine any other way to pronounce Waylon.Well, the "way" part is pretty obvious but the "lawn" part not so much. I, and probably lots of people, would say "way-len" or "way-lin" since it sounds awkward to pronounce the drawn out "lawn" sound while also trying to emphasize the first syllable. It's like the difference in pronunciation between Devon and Devin, except still spelled Waylon and I've never heard it pronounced way-LAWN like day-VAWN is. That's my take on it at least.
[Little Bird Little Bird](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz6WRiNwujQ)Nope nope nope nope
[Little Bird Little Bird](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz6WRiNwujQ)TRIGGERED. (Sobs hysterically)
[Little Bird Little Bird](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz6WRiNwujQ)I don't see how it's her...		SOMEONE SAID HOWITZER!!!		*guns firing*
The only problem that episode has is it happens so late in the series, and isn't about Fry, that when people talk about favorite episodes it's after the time the best episode occur, and when people talk about tragic Fry episodes, it doesn't get included. That episode exists in a set of only itself. Id only watched that one (and made my sister watch that one) in the last year or two bc of Reddit. The Seymour one, and the clover one and the bee one I saw "organically". 
As a dad who had his son grab his finger within 5 minutes of being born this us the only episode of the Simpsons I have seen and it reduced me to a fucking mess of tears My daughter smiled after being born the first time she heard my voice.  I did not expect it.  It still blows my mind.  So does a child's love.  It's just *there*.
As a dad who had his son grab his finger within 5 minutes of being born this us the only episode of the Simpsons I have seen and it reduced me to a fucking mess of tears Watch the rest right meow!
Also, seeing all the photos of Maggie on his wall at work is the Citizen Kane style "reveal" at the end - the rest of the episode prior to that is a flashback which attempts to explain why he has no photos of Maggie in the photo books at home.		There's a running joke in some episodes of The Simpsons that Homer sometimes seems to forget he has a third daughter (in episodes both before and after this), and this episode lovingly plays on that, proving that in reality it isn't really the case and she's special to him.Third daughter or third child?
Also, seeing all the photos of Maggie on his wall at work is the Citizen Kane style "reveal" at the end - the rest of the episode prior to that is a flashback which attempts to explain why he has no photos of Maggie in the photo books at home.		There's a running joke in some episodes of The Simpsons that Homer sometimes seems to forget he has a third daughter (in episodes both before and after this), and this episode lovingly plays on that, proving that in reality it isn't really the case and she's special to him.It turns out that he doesn't actually have a third daughter, though. 
Mine is still the one about class president. Give the baby it's bottle Oh man I love that. Homer is such a good parent in that, puts a huge smile on my face when the credits roll
Oh right... The Sideshow Bob thing.BARTDOYOUWANTSOMEBROWINEBEFOREYOUGOTOBED
When you live for someone you're pre-pared to die. Deep Down, I know, That i am just a human
Thank you.No prob, Bob.
I don't watch Steven Universe but that was a very nice song. That voice actress has a beautiful voice.Yeah, that was the song that got me into the show. Deedee Magno-Hall is the voice actress for Pearl. She has some other great songs in the show, too.		[Strong in the Real Way](https://youtu.be/UFctQMCs3k4)		[It's Over, Isn't It?](https://youtu.be/5T5rCSmduaY)
My personal favorite is the one where Quagmire sexually and mentally abused a woman. Or the one where Peter gets sexually abused by his boss (played by the late Carrie Fisher.) Or the one where Brian knowingly gives Stewie herpes.How about when Stewie makes Brian rim him?
My personal favorite is the one where Quagmire sexually and mentally abused a woman. Or the one where Peter gets sexually abused by his boss (played by the late Carrie Fisher.) Or the one where Brian knowingly gives Stewie herpes.>Quagmire sexually and mentally abused a woman		wait, what? when did that happen?
hWaylonhWhere do you get off?
hWaylonCool hWhip
Watch the rest right meow!Ehh..The first 10 seasons anyways.
Watch the rest right meow!Oh, sorry I thought you said "Meow".
Third daughter or third child?No kids and three money
Deep Down, I know, That i am just a humanBut I know that I can draw my sword and fight! 
Deep Down, I know, That i am just a human#GIANT WOMAN
Deep Down, I know, That i am just a humanTrue
No prob, Bob.it's Lapis.
No prob, Bob....His name's Bradyhaha.
How about when Stewie makes Brian rim him?Or when Stewie impregnates himself with their children?
>Quagmire sexually and mentally abused a woman		wait, what? when did that happen?Every episode, I think.
>Quagmire sexually and mentally abused a woman		wait, what? when did that happen?Pretty much every episode ever. There's also Screams of Silence, where, when it is discovered that his sister is being abused by her boyfriend, Quagmire conspires to murder him. Fucking hypocrite.
hWhere do you get off?The safe word is hwiskey
Ehh..The first 10 seasons anyways.How would one watch the Simpson's without cable? And on an Xbox 360?
But I know that I can draw my sword and fight! With my short existence	
The safe word is hwiskeyTitanium hwhite Kreygasm
The safe word is hwiskeyHwhat? Hwhat sounds hweird?
How would one watch the Simpson's without cable? And on an Xbox 360?You can buy DVD bundles of previous seasons. 
How would one watch the Simpson's without cable? And on an Xbox 360?Buy the DVD's
With my short existence	I can make a difference	
Buy the DVD'sThat's a good idea I like that idea. 
I can make a difference	I can do this for him
