Piano practiceWhen I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! 
Piano practicehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XDjKE1s7tY for your convenience. 
Piano practiceThe neighbor's handwriting is gorgeous.
Piano practiceThis is great. Wish I couldve made a request. I broke a finger a while back and I can't play for more than a minute or so without excruciating pain. 			Edit- [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgVytt_XnZI) is one of my all time favorite pieces. Its nothing super famous but it speaks to me deeply. I used to play it, looping over and over again. I tried it a few months ago. I cant play more than half of it. Oh well \^^		Edit2.0-		The injury occured in a fight. The knuckle got forcibly jammed back when it broke(take a stick, put it between your palms, and pressit together until it snaps up, thats what happened). The only thing that can really fix it is some major surgery that I dont want to nor have the ability to pay for. The finger is still fully working, its just that repetitive motion starts to hurt.		I play bass, drums and I am currently learning violin.		Thanks for all the well wishes yall
Piano practiceI wanna request music for that neighbor. I bet they'd like Chopin's Ballade No. 1 in G Minor. I hope I wrote that right. 
Piano practiceLiebestraum No 3 is hands down the most beautiful song to play. While I was learning it, I had recently broken up with my first serious girlfriend and it broke my heart. I would play the song with this passion that came from within and when I finished learning it and perfected the last stanza, I broke down in tears. There's something about the song that just resonates with a broken heart.		Liebestraum means "Love Dream", written by Franz Liszt of the famous "Lisztomania", the first recognized case of a musician gathering a fanatic woman following, making them faint at his sight. The song was written about three poems:		>The two poems by Uhland and the one by Freiligrath depict three different forms of love. Uhland's Hohe Liebe (exalted love) is saintly or religious love: the "martyr" renounces worldly love and "heaven has opened its gates". The second song Seliger Tod (blessed death) is often known by its first line ("Gestorben war ich", "I had died"), and evokes erotic love; "dead" could be a metaphor here referring to what is known as "la petite mort" in French ("I was dead from love's bliss; I lay buried in her arms; I was wakened by her kisses; I saw heaven in her eyes"). Freiligrath's poem for the famous third Notturno is about unconditional mature love ("Love as long as you can!", "O lieb, so lang du lieben kannst").		It's the unconditional mature love that's woven into No 3 that hit my heart so much. It's really bizarre how some Romantic era songs can do that. I highly recommend it to anyone reading.
Piano practiceEvery time I'm playing my sax loudly people ask me about to play that George Michael song
Piano practiceI once had a neighbour with the voice of an angel. 		If I knew what apartment she loved in, I fully would have made requests. 	Thinking about her belting out Rolling In The Deep gives me chills. It was amazing. 
Piano practiceGood for you, OP. I'm working my way through Chopin's Nocturnes. I would be horrified if the neighbours heard me practice. I've been playing for 45 years now, but I hate performing. I envy people who can play for others without all their spit drying up. 
Piano practiceThis feels a bit like a /r/thathappened post, but it makes me feel good so I'm going to ignore that.
Piano practiceA number of years ago, when I was learning guitar, I'd like to unwind by fooling around on blues scales.  There was one time when my downstairs neighbor asked me to turn it down.  The next time I got a knock on my door, this time from a different neighbor, I preempted them and said that I'd turn it down.		Unexpectedly, they said that they actually enjoyed hearing me play and hung out for a bit while I messed around on the guitar.  It was really encouraging, especially since I was relatively new to playing guitar and knew I wasn't terribly good.  Knowing that someone took the time to tell me they liked what I was doing helped push me to keep learning.		Even better, I made a friend in the process and when I was down and out, looking for work, she helped me get a job where she worked.  That job was the springboard that helped me develop a worthwhile career that has helped me do some wonderful things in my life.  Before then, I'd been mostly working dead end jobs to make ends meet.		Overall, the experience helped me realize that when you put yourself out there for people to judge, you'll sometimes get a little discouragement, but you also open yourself up to the rewarding experiences that life has to offer.  Shutting yourself off guards you from negative feedback, but you also insulate yourself from opportunity.
Piano practiceAfter my son was born we were living in LA by the beach. I had just gotten him to sleep and someone started playing the bagpipes on their balcony. At first I was like "MOTHERFUCKER" but then they started playing really well and it was soothing. Thanks bagpipe man. 
Piano practice[removed]
Piano practiceAt my childhood home we had some woods in the backyard that separated us from some neighbors, and we had one neighbor across the woods that would play his banjo on the porch. I loved the sit outside and just listen to the sounds of nature with faint banjo playing in the background. It was really peaceful. 
Piano practiceMy wife played piano when we were young and did so while I worked in the yard. I always had her open the window a crack so I could hear. Made my days so much brighter.
Piano practiceI once asked my neighbour  to play John Cage's  4'33"  I don't think they understood.
Piano practiceFor anyone who may be interested in the actual piece of music requested:  		[Liebestraum No 3 in A flat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7G4t3o0qbk)
Piano practiceMy mom grew up in the 50's with a love of the piano. As the youngest of six, it was great for her to have a natural talent and hobby to throw herself into. She ended up winning a pretty significant contest at a pretty young age (<10), which was open to all ages. As a teenager, she lost interest. But, as an adult, she bought a piano and started playing again. 		At one point on a spring day, she had been playing for a while in front of a window and when she stopped, she heard clapping from outside. A neighbor had paused his dog walk to sit, entranced by music. 		The thought that people outside could hear her play horrified my mother. She sold the piano and, twenty years later, has never played again. This is the anecdote I start with when explaining to folks about the people who raised me. 
Piano practiceSo, the person who posted this just happened to know the requested piece? I am not familiar with the piece. Is it standard repertoire? I suppose the person could have sight read it?
Piano practiceStory time:		My dad's a professional pianist (haha it sounds like penis) and I grew up with a piano in my living room.		During the summer when the windows and door would be open he would practice loud enough for our neighbors to hear.  It became a bit of a joke and when I would see neighbors in the street they would often say something like, "Bill must have a concert coming up.  I haven't heard him practice this much in a long time!"		I often fell asleep to him practicing...good memories.
Piano practice[removed]
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		yea
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! That's actually a genius idea, I love it! The phone number thing is clever at letting them feel like you're all working together. 
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! This is very nice of you! There's a man in my complex who is a drummer and he will knock on everyone's door and ask if it's alright if he plays before he does. It probably helps that he's one of the nicest cute little old men I've ever met. Very sociable and gives compliments to everyone he sees daily. Its amazes me how he is that way since he's dying of cancer. It seems nothing can bring him down though. 
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! My grandfather used to live in an apartment building on top of a mountain -- black rock, harsh environment. 		He brought in loads of topsoil so he could fill the little crevices with dirt and he would plant flowers, place birdbaths, and plant veggies. 		Every year he had so many cucumbers and tomatoes that he would put them all save a few for him and my grandma in little plastic bags and set them on everyone's doorknobs. He loved sharing his excess as he had grown up very, very poor in the depression era. 		I used to love climbing on top of that mountain to watch the birds and stare at the flowers. Hope I can develop as green a thumb as him someday. 
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! Brb moving with you
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! That's a good idea. I am always afraid to practice guitar because it'll annoy my neighbors but it sucks having a nice amp and never being able to use it. 
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! You're wonderful.
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! Good LPT hidden in there: Always meet your neighbors when you move in. It's much more awkward to have to introduce yourself years later. "Yeah, I've been here for 3 years and have no idea who any of you are."
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! This is fantastic. I think that even if the music disturbs people, your awareness and willingness to be open to their potential concerns cements their unwillingness to make a ruckus over it. This is a great way to develop good relationships with your neighbors as well. Best of luck in your future concerts!
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! That's quality...But are you a cat?
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! hey its me ur neighbor
When I move into a new apartment building,  I bake cookies for all of my neighbors and leave a little note that tells them I'm a musician and will sometimes have to practice for upcoming concerts. I leave my cell phone number on the note so they can call me if it's disturbing them. 		No complaints so far! Have you heard of the saga of ChefShwasty?		https://imgur.com/gallery/fEx7r
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XDjKE1s7tY for your convenience. [deleted]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XDjKE1s7tY for your convenience. How considerate!  Thank you!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XDjKE1s7tY for your convenience. So beautiful, if I didn't have so many hobbies already, I would love to learn a little bit of piano. Maybe one day!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XDjKE1s7tY for your convenience. FYI: "Liebestrume" ist "love dreams" in German. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XDjKE1s7tY for your convenience. That was lovely!! I wonder how much practice it would take to attempt a piece like this 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XDjKE1s7tY for your convenience. Ha! I came to do the same.
The neighbor's handwriting is gorgeous.That handwriting, to me, is that of an old German grandmother.
The neighbor's handwriting is gorgeous.As beautiful as it is, i never really learned how to read cursive. My school decided it was a outdated skill and decided to focus on other things. It really makes it difficult to write to my grandparents who write entirely in cursive. (they don't have email or text, and mail makes everyone happy). 
The neighbor's handwriting is gorgeous.That's the kind of handwriting you request classical music with. Mine is for requesting Hoobastank.
This is great. Wish I couldve made a request. I broke a finger a while back and I can't play for more than a minute or so without excruciating pain. 			Edit- [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgVytt_XnZI) is one of my all time favorite pieces. Its nothing super famous but it speaks to me deeply. I used to play it, looping over and over again. I tried it a few months ago. I cant play more than half of it. Oh well \^^		Edit2.0-		The injury occured in a fight. The knuckle got forcibly jammed back when it broke(take a stick, put it between your palms, and pressit together until it snaps up, thats what happened). The only thing that can really fix it is some major surgery that I dont want to nor have the ability to pay for. The finger is still fully working, its just that repetitive motion starts to hurt.		I play bass, drums and I am currently learning violin.		Thanks for all the well wishes yallI'm sorry to hear that, I hope that it heals so you can play again 
This is great. Wish I couldve made a request. I broke a finger a while back and I can't play for more than a minute or so without excruciating pain. 			Edit- [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgVytt_XnZI) is one of my all time favorite pieces. Its nothing super famous but it speaks to me deeply. I used to play it, looping over and over again. I tried it a few months ago. I cant play more than half of it. Oh well \^^		Edit2.0-		The injury occured in a fight. The knuckle got forcibly jammed back when it broke(take a stick, put it between your palms, and pressit together until it snaps up, thats what happened). The only thing that can really fix it is some major surgery that I dont want to nor have the ability to pay for. The finger is still fully working, its just that repetitive motion starts to hurt.		I play bass, drums and I am currently learning violin.		Thanks for all the well wishes yallLots of people played with 9 fingers or less. You'll learn. BEETHOVEN WAS DEAF AND HE STILL WON THE OLYMPICS. 
I wanna request music for that neighbor. I bet they'd like Chopin's Ballade No. 1 in G Minor. I hope I wrote that right. You did.		Everything by Chopin is phenomenal
I wanna request music for that neighbor. I bet they'd like Chopin's Ballade No. 1 in G Minor. I hope I wrote that right. You don't usually need to worry about naming classical pieces too specifically because they aren't "named" in the way we understand songs now. The titles were more like practical labels used to identify a piece, especially in the case of Chopin, the idea was that the music was of a certain purity as to not need a dramatic title. You could call it Chopin's first Ballad, Chopins g minor ballad, Ballad no. 1, or anything along those lines and nobody will judge you.
Liebestraum No 3 is hands down the most beautiful song to play. While I was learning it, I had recently broken up with my first serious girlfriend and it broke my heart. I would play the song with this passion that came from within and when I finished learning it and perfected the last stanza, I broke down in tears. There's something about the song that just resonates with a broken heart.		Liebestraum means "Love Dream", written by Franz Liszt of the famous "Lisztomania", the first recognized case of a musician gathering a fanatic woman following, making them faint at his sight. The song was written about three poems:		>The two poems by Uhland and the one by Freiligrath depict three different forms of love. Uhland's Hohe Liebe (exalted love) is saintly or religious love: the "martyr" renounces worldly love and "heaven has opened its gates". The second song Seliger Tod (blessed death) is often known by its first line ("Gestorben war ich", "I had died"), and evokes erotic love; "dead" could be a metaphor here referring to what is known as "la petite mort" in French ("I was dead from love's bliss; I lay buried in her arms; I was wakened by her kisses; I saw heaven in her eyes"). Freiligrath's poem for the famous third Notturno is about unconditional mature love ("Love as long as you can!", "O lieb, so lang du lieben kannst").		It's the unconditional mature love that's woven into No 3 that hit my heart so much. It's really bizarre how some Romantic era songs can do that. I highly recommend it to anyone reading.[deleted]
I once had a neighbour with the voice of an angel. 		If I knew what apartment she loved in, I fully would have made requests. 	Thinking about her belting out Rolling In The Deep gives me chills. It was amazing. Our guide on our river rafting trip was training as an opera singer. At night, by firelight, she'd sing for us, and her voice echoed throughout the red rock canyons. It was haunting and beautiful. Enrapturing. It was one of the best things about the entire trip. 
Good for you, OP. I'm working my way through Chopin's Nocturnes. I would be horrified if the neighbours heard me practice. I've been playing for 45 years now, but I hate performing. I envy people who can play for others without all their spit drying up. Me too, I prefer just playing for myself than to someone else.... but I also like playing to someone else :)
This feels a bit like a /r/thathappened post, but it makes me feel good so I'm going to ignore that.Depends on where you live.  Keys tend to be one that people like, guitar is asking for issues.  
This feels a bit like a /r/thathappened post, but it makes me feel good so I'm going to ignore that.It actually happens though. Once I was practicing a room on my college campus and some anonymous person left a note. I thought it was going to say to not use that piano again (I wasn't technically supposed to be in that room), but it was actually complementing the piece I was playing. Probably one of the nicest random acts that's ever happened to me.
This feels a bit like a /r/thathappened post, but it makes me feel good so I'm going to ignore that.I was thinking the same thing, I like the sentiment a lot though.
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
So, the person who posted this just happened to know the requested piece? I am not familiar with the piece. Is it standard repertoire? I suppose the person could have sight read it?I just searched for this user on Instagram and it seems like he is a pianist. He was probably able to get the sheet music and sight read, or he already knew it. I'm not sure if it's well known or not.. :(
So, the person who posted this just happened to know the requested piece? I am not familiar with the piece. Is it standard repertoire? I suppose the person could have sight read it?I'd say that the neighbours were quite lucky. It's a popular piece, but also very hard, so I don't think everyone could play it.
So, the person who posted this just happened to know the requested piece? I am not familiar with the piece. Is it standard repertoire? I suppose the person could have sight read it?You'd have to be pretty remarkable to sight read Liebestraum :D It's a common piano repertoire piece, probably most semi-advanced classical pianists know it.
That's actually a genius idea, I love it! The phone number thing is clever at letting them feel like you're all working together. I also want to add that the kind of musician makes a huge difference. Rock drummers probably don't have many friends among their near neighbors, but I lived directly below a very good cellist who never practiced after 10, and it was absolutely sublime. Only time a neighbor has ever made the place I lived better with no face-to-face interaction.
That's actually a genius idea, I love it! The phone number thing is clever at letting them feel like you're all working together. Whenever I throw parties I give my neighbours my phone number to call when it gets too loud. We've had a few ragers and no cops. It definitely helps letting them know you're on their side.
That's actually a genius idea, I love it! The phone number thing is clever at letting them feel like you're all working together. Would it be weird to do it for other things?		"I have like 80 legal weapons and totally fantasize about being Batman. Call 911, and then call me. I can totally throw sick-ass ninja stars super accurately."		with like little ninja star-shaped cookies
That's actually a genius idea, I love it! The phone number thing is clever at letting them feel like you're all working together. And they're more likely to try you before the landlord
This is very nice of you! There's a man in my complex who is a drummer and he will knock on everyone's door and ask if it's alright if he plays before he does. It probably helps that he's one of the nicest cute little old men I've ever met. Very sociable and gives compliments to everyone he sees daily. Its amazes me how he is that way since he's dying of cancer. It seems nothing can bring him down though. :)		:D		:(		
This is very nice of you! There's a man in my complex who is a drummer and he will knock on everyone's door and ask if it's alright if he plays before he does. It probably helps that he's one of the nicest cute little old men I've ever met. Very sociable and gives compliments to everyone he sees daily. Its amazes me how he is that way since he's dying of cancer. It seems nothing can bring him down though. My dad was a musician who sadly passed away sure to cancer at 57. He had been in a variety of cover bands playing small shows throughout his life, but hadn't in several years - too busy trying to make ends meet. But after he was diagnosed (a couple years before he died), he met a number of other musicians during his hospital visits, and soon became a band member with a group otherwise made up of doctors and lab techs. Unfortunately I wasn't able to see him perform in this band, but met the other members at his wake, who told me they ensured he got a few solos at the last show he played. Oddly I think the last year of his life was one of his best.
This is very nice of you! There's a man in my complex who is a drummer and he will knock on everyone's door and ask if it's alright if he plays before he does. It probably helps that he's one of the nicest cute little old men I've ever met. Very sociable and gives compliments to everyone he sees daily. Its amazes me how he is that way since he's dying of cancer. It seems nothing can bring him down though. People that bring joy into this world even though their situation may not be ideal are my inspiration. 
This is very nice of you! There's a man in my complex who is a drummer and he will knock on everyone's door and ask if it's alright if he plays before he does. It probably helps that he's one of the nicest cute little old men I've ever met. Very sociable and gives compliments to everyone he sees daily. Its amazes me how he is that way since he's dying of cancer. It seems nothing can bring him down though. What style does he play? I'm sure there'd be less people against some nice jazz drumming vs a triple kick drum setup for Metallica covers.
This is very nice of you! There's a man in my complex who is a drummer and he will knock on everyone's door and ask if it's alright if he plays before he does. It probably helps that he's one of the nicest cute little old men I've ever met. Very sociable and gives compliments to everyone he sees daily. Its amazes me how he is that way since he's dying of cancer. It seems nothing can bring him down though. Amazing little anecdote, upvote given :] 
My grandfather used to live in an apartment building on top of a mountain -- black rock, harsh environment. 		He brought in loads of topsoil so he could fill the little crevices with dirt and he would plant flowers, place birdbaths, and plant veggies. 		Every year he had so many cucumbers and tomatoes that he would put them all save a few for him and my grandma in little plastic bags and set them on everyone's doorknobs. He loved sharing his excess as he had grown up very, very poor in the depression era. 		I used to love climbing on top of that mountain to watch the birds and stare at the flowers. Hope I can develop as green a thumb as him someday. Bruh that is straight up some Ghibli/Pixar kinda shit right there.
My grandfather used to live in an apartment building on top of a mountain -- black rock, harsh environment. 		He brought in loads of topsoil so he could fill the little crevices with dirt and he would plant flowers, place birdbaths, and plant veggies. 		Every year he had so many cucumbers and tomatoes that he would put them all save a few for him and my grandma in little plastic bags and set them on everyone's doorknobs. He loved sharing his excess as he had grown up very, very poor in the depression era. 		I used to love climbing on top of that mountain to watch the birds and stare at the flowers. Hope I can develop as green a thumb as him someday. One day, or day one. You can do it!
That's a good idea. I am always afraid to practice guitar because it'll annoy my neighbors but it sucks having a nice amp and never being able to use it. If you communicate with them, they won't need to complain in the first place ;)
That's a good idea. I am always afraid to practice guitar because it'll annoy my neighbors but it sucks having a nice amp and never being able to use it. Before we moved to a big property I used to just turn the bass all the way down on my amp and play at a crazy low volume. In hindsight I probably should have just bought an acoustic lol
That's a good idea. I am always afraid to practice guitar because it'll annoy my neighbors but it sucks having a nice amp and never being able to use it. Most good amps have a headphone port
That's a good idea. I am always afraid to practice guitar because it'll annoy my neighbors but it sucks having a nice amp and never being able to use it. The baking cookies or the phone number thing ?
So beautiful, if I didn't have so many hobbies already, I would love to learn a little bit of piano. Maybe one day!Do it man! Never too late, and there are some great resources for it at /r/piano.
So beautiful, if I didn't have so many hobbies already, I would love to learn a little bit of piano. Maybe one day!I'm thankful every day that my parents allowed me to take piano lessons from age 4 through high school. No matter what,  I'll always have my music and my escape now. 
FYI: "Liebestrume" ist "love dreams" in German. Not to be confused with Lebensraum, a different thing entirely.
That was lovely!! I wonder how much practice it would take to attempt a piece like this You don't practice to attempt it, you practice by attempting it. Be the best Liszt you can be, buddy!
Ha! I came to do the same.Looks like great minds think alike :) And now we can all kick back with our coffees, teas, happy thoughts and memories, and muse out to some comforting, relaxing Liszt, and care not for what we may have missed. 
That handwriting, to me, is that of an old German grandmother.Thought the same, but the Umlaut is in the wrong place. :) 
As beautiful as it is, i never really learned how to read cursive. My school decided it was a outdated skill and decided to focus on other things. It really makes it difficult to write to my grandparents who write entirely in cursive. (they don't have email or text, and mail makes everyone happy). Use [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wInhVD9ZT-s) to practice and learn! You'll pick it up pretty fast and then you'll be able to read everything from those letters to signatures to the founding documents of the US (or any other English speaking country)!
As beautiful as it is, i never really learned how to read cursive. My school decided it was a outdated skill and decided to focus on other things. It really makes it difficult to write to my grandparents who write entirely in cursive. (they don't have email or text, and mail makes everyone happy). Man this thread is surreal to me. I can *only* write in cursive and I spent all my schooling being made fun of by my peers and occasionally teachers. People admiring cursive and not mocking it or complaining about its uselessness is a new one for me.		Thank you for liking cursive I guess
As beautiful as it is, i never really learned how to read cursive. My school decided it was a outdated skill and decided to focus on other things. It really makes it difficult to write to my grandparents who write entirely in cursive. (they don't have email or text, and mail makes everyone happy). It's never too late to learn.  Curious question how do you sign your name if not in cursive?
I cant read it... I dont know what it says :(> A humble request to the pianist: Liebestrume no. 3 in A flat		:)		Fixed, thanks to /u/seewolfmdk 
I'm sorry to hear that, I hope that it heals so you can play again Its permanent. I have full function of my hands, its just that repetitive motion starts to hurt
You did.		Everything by Chopin is phenomenalI agree. Every time I hear Chopin, it's like the feelings in my heart have been translated into music. If you have some classical music knowledge, would you be so considerate as to suggest more music by other artists with similar feels? Edit: oh goodness I'm loving all these suggestions, thank you so much guys!
You don't usually need to worry about naming classical pieces too specifically because they aren't "named" in the way we understand songs now. The titles were more like practical labels used to identify a piece, especially in the case of Chopin, the idea was that the music was of a certain purity as to not need a dramatic title. You could call it Chopin's first Ballad, Chopins g minor ballad, Ballad no. 1, or anything along those lines and nobody will judge you.That's really interesting, I never knew that. When did dramatic titles in classical become a thing?
Depends on where you live.  Keys tend to be one that people like, guitar is asking for issues.  Perhaps but I can't help but feel that if someone several floors up can hear it with doors and windows closed, they're affecting a large number of people. 
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
I just searched for this user on Instagram and it seems like he is a pianist. He was probably able to get the sheet music and sight read, or he already knew it. I'm not sure if it's well known or not.. :(It's very well known, and probably not sight-readable, so I'd say he already knew it.
I'd say that the neighbours were quite lucky. It's a popular piece, but also very hard, so I don't think everyone could play it.It's *incredibly* hard for amateur pianists, especially if you don't have Liszt-sized hands (he could reach either a 12^th or 13^th with one hand iirc)
I also want to add that the kind of musician makes a huge difference. Rock drummers probably don't have many friends among their near neighbors, but I lived directly below a very good cellist who never practiced after 10, and it was absolutely sublime. Only time a neighbor has ever made the place I lived better with no face-to-face interaction.A guitar player used to live above me. He would play on his acoustic a lot and it sounded lovely coming from above, somewhat muted from the ceiling. Sometimes me and one of my best friends would be having a deep conversation on my couch, and in between a lull he would start playing and it always felt really surreal and peaceful and beautiful like we were in a movie. It sucks since he moved out. I always loved hearing him play whatever as a backdrop to my little simple life in my 1 bedroom apartment. Sometimes it was like he was playing for me. 
I also want to add that the kind of musician makes a huge difference. Rock drummers probably don't have many friends among their near neighbors, but I lived directly below a very good cellist who never practiced after 10, and it was absolutely sublime. Only time a neighbor has ever made the place I lived better with no face-to-face interaction.One of our neighbors (their property backs against ours) plays the bagpipes. He practices outside every Tuesday and Thursday. At first it was terrible, but he's gotten much better. The days he doesn't play are disappointing now.  
I also want to add that the kind of musician makes a huge difference. Rock drummers probably don't have many friends among their near neighbors, but I lived directly below a very good cellist who never practiced after 10, and it was absolutely sublime. Only time a neighbor has ever made the place I lived better with no face-to-face interaction.I used to live beside a porn addict and a hooker, I was basically surrounded by very fainted moaning everyday...... College life was hilarious thanks to that, my friends laugh everytime they come visit lol
I also want to add that the kind of musician makes a huge difference. Rock drummers probably don't have many friends among their near neighbors, but I lived directly below a very good cellist who never practiced after 10, and it was absolutely sublime. Only time a neighbor has ever made the place I lived better with no face-to-face interaction.I'm a drummer. 		I've actually never had complaints from neighbors. The best idea is that you do not play during the worst hours of the day, you make sure you give them your number so they can text/call if its a bad time, and you play quietly. 		It's absurd how loud some drummers have to play; the true tell of whether or not a drummer is good is how well they can play quietly. I never needed to play loud to get my practice in. I simply play with quieter sticks and developed adequate control over my sticks so that fast didn't really mean loud.
I also want to add that the kind of musician makes a huge difference. Rock drummers probably don't have many friends among their near neighbors, but I lived directly below a very good cellist who never practiced after 10, and it was absolutely sublime. Only time a neighbor has ever made the place I lived better with no face-to-face interaction.There's a mysterious piano player in my apartment block, of whom I can never quite make out the direction but they will randomly play beautifully and it's awesome on summer days. I also assume they have perhaps a child or a student, because the quality of the songs will sometimes differ drastically:D
I also want to add that the kind of musician makes a huge difference. Rock drummers probably don't have many friends among their near neighbors, but I lived directly below a very good cellist who never practiced after 10, and it was absolutely sublime. Only time a neighbor has ever made the place I lived better with no face-to-face interaction.My rules are never after 9pm and never before noon.  
I also want to add that the kind of musician makes a huge difference. Rock drummers probably don't have many friends among their near neighbors, but I lived directly below a very good cellist who never practiced after 10, and it was absolutely sublime. Only time a neighbor has ever made the place I lived better with no face-to-face interaction.My father plays guitar, badly, it's maddening and he doesn't respond to my pleas, polite requests, etc.		Send help.
Would it be weird to do it for other things?		"I have like 80 legal weapons and totally fantasize about being Batman. Call 911, and then call me. I can totally throw sick-ass ninja stars super accurately."		with like little ninja star-shaped cookiesNot really.		When we moved in last year, we got a note in our mailbox from Fred down the street.		Fred is a retired police officer. 40 years on the force in our city. He said he's always happy to provide advice, fast response for any dangerous issues, or anything else. He also mentioned how he's first aid and CPR certified and keeps up on it. Fred got a big batch of cookies from us around Christmas.
:)		:D		:(		What a roller coaster.
My dad was a musician who sadly passed away sure to cancer at 57. He had been in a variety of cover bands playing small shows throughout his life, but hadn't in several years - too busy trying to make ends meet. But after he was diagnosed (a couple years before he died), he met a number of other musicians during his hospital visits, and soon became a band member with a group otherwise made up of doctors and lab techs. Unfortunately I wasn't able to see him perform in this band, but met the other members at his wake, who told me they ensured he got a few solos at the last show he played. Oddly I think the last year of his life was one of his best.We should all be so lucky as to have our final moments be our best. Go out with a smile.
One day, or day one. You can do it!I love this comment :)
Before we moved to a big property I used to just turn the bass all the way down on my amp and play at a crazy low volume. In hindsight I probably should have just bought an acoustic lolOr headphones
Here's some of my fav:  		[Spring Song by Mendelssohn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsdThmsffNk)  	[Danza del gaucho matrero by Ginastera]  (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCQvM0YebFA)  	["Torrent" etude, Op. 10 Nr. 4 by Chopin]  	(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUVCGsWhwHU)  (I prefer Pollini's version, tho)  	[Feux Follets by Liszt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZj-8x5i6Bs)  	[La Campanella arranged for piano by Liszt, composed by Paganini](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEnfZjqMSy0)  	[Musical Moment Nr. 4 by Rachmaninov](https://youtu.be/WhLDse5R8dQ)  				You've great taste! La Campanella is a demon of a piece... 
Will you share your fantastic playlist?pls be a spotify playlist i would subscribe so hard
Not to be confused with Lebensraum, a different thing entirely.Eh, depends on the person. ;)
You don't practice to attempt it, you practice by attempting it. Be the best Liszt you can be, buddy!:)
I have limited experience playing piano (drummer) but I know that Liszt was a god at the piano. Some people thought he sold his soul to be able to play so well and he had really big hands and long fingers to play ridiculous pieces. So I'm guessing it's pretty hard to play but obviously someone who actually plays piano could give you a better answer. Just wanted to give you at least some kind of answer since no one else did.I have been playing piano since I was 4, and I'm now 18. I have grade 8, and decided to learn this exact piece for my diploma, so I can tell you how it went.		Firstly, it's considered one of Liszt's easier pieces. For comparison, see La Campanella, Hungarian Rhapsody no. 2, and Mephisto Waltz.		The first 2 pages went alright. I picked them up in about 2 months of practicing an hour a day 6 days a week, with 2 hour long lessons every week. The first cadenza then took another month to get to an acceptable level. The next page took me another 2 months, and the page after that 3 more. Then another cadenza appeared, and 2 months later I could finally play that at about half speed. The final 2 pages weren't so bad, and they only took about 1 more month. 		All in all, I spent a year learning this piece to point where I could play from start to end at half speed. I can honestly say it is both the most challenging and most rewarding thing I have ever done. I never did finish learning it - I had to take a break for 3 months for personal reasons, and when I came back I had forgotten most of it.
Thought the same, but the Umlaut is in the wrong place. :) My grandmother did the same thing. Her muscle memory was still there for the handwriting, but her vision couldn't dot her i's or cross her t's any more. 
Use [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wInhVD9ZT-s) to practice and learn! You'll pick it up pretty fast and then you'll be able to read everything from those letters to signatures to the founding documents of the US (or any other English speaking country)![Some of the founding documents are pretty hard still.](https://www.monticello.org/sites/default/files/uploaded-content-images/Declaration_Engrav_Pg1of1_doctored_0.jpg) Doesn't help that they use the long S which just feels weird. Took me way to long to work out what "causes" was.
It's never too late to learn.  Curious question how do you sign your name if not in cursive?Not the person you asked but I personally can't read or write in cursive. I had to have a certain amount of time in remedial learning for my Dyslexia in grade school and they decided the best time to pull me out of class for that was when my regular class would be learning cursive. When I was old enough to actually have to sign for things as a teenager I had my mom write out my name in cursive and I copied that over and over again until it became muscle memory!
Its permanent. I have full function of my hands, its just that repetitive motion starts to hurt:(
I agree. Every time I hear Chopin, it's like the feelings in my heart have been translated into music. If you have some classical music knowledge, would you be so considerate as to suggest more music by other artists with similar feels? Edit: oh goodness I'm loving all these suggestions, thank you so much guys!Yeah, listen to these following works:		* Une Barque Sur L'Ocean by Ravel. I like the Andre Laplante recording.		* Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto no. 2 op 18. Anna Fedorova on Youtube is my favorite right now, other than the vinyls of Rachmaninoff himself doing it with the Philadelphia Orchestra.		* Jardins Sous La Pluie (Gardens in the Rain) by Debussy. Most recordings of this I've heard will do.		* Peace Piece by Bill Evans.			Enjoy
I agree. Every time I hear Chopin, it's like the feelings in my heart have been translated into music. If you have some classical music knowledge, would you be so considerate as to suggest more music by other artists with similar feels? Edit: oh goodness I'm loving all these suggestions, thank you so much guys!Maybe you'd enjoy some Debussy, or Ravel. Try Satie! I also love Rachmaninov but his style is a bit different, but none the less I will never miss a chance to recommend his piano concerto no 2. One of my favourite pieces ever! All these composers are great though :) 
I agree. Every time I hear Chopin, it's like the feelings in my heart have been translated into music. If you have some classical music knowledge, would you be so considerate as to suggest more music by other artists with similar feels? Edit: oh goodness I'm loving all these suggestions, thank you so much guys!Ive never been able to connect artists outside of metal. I just know what I like and what I dont like. I mentioned up there  that [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgVytt_XnZI) was one of my favorite pieces its not a classic and its not super famous, but Its beautiful
That's really interesting, I never knew that. When did dramatic titles in classical become a thing?It didn't become a thing at a certain point necessarily, but the transition from rare to common to have a "name" took place maybe from 1800s to 1900s. As in, it would be weird to have a name in 1790 but not unheard of, and it would be commonplace by 1900.
[removed][removed]
It's very well known, and probably not sight-readable, so I'd say he already knew it.Definitely not sight readable, it's one of those that you have to practice bpm by bpm and let the muscle memory grow. You're jumping all over the place, playing octave chords then arpeggios the octave below. There's also two cadenzas, which are a lot easier than they look but again it's all about building up the speed.		That said, the first and last sections could be sight-read by an expert.
A guitar player used to live above me. He would play on his acoustic a lot and it sounded lovely coming from above, somewhat muted from the ceiling. Sometimes me and one of my best friends would be having a deep conversation on my couch, and in between a lull he would start playing and it always felt really surreal and peaceful and beautiful like we were in a movie. It sucks since he moved out. I always loved hearing him play whatever as a backdrop to my little simple life in my 1 bedroom apartment. Sometimes it was like he was playing for me. Have you ever told him? I'd imagine he'd be delighted to hear that.
A guitar player used to live above me. He would play on his acoustic a lot and it sounded lovely coming from above, somewhat muted from the ceiling. Sometimes me and one of my best friends would be having a deep conversation on my couch, and in between a lull he would start playing and it always felt really surreal and peaceful and beautiful like we were in a movie. It sucks since he moved out. I always loved hearing him play whatever as a backdrop to my little simple life in my 1 bedroom apartment. Sometimes it was like he was playing for me. This roommate I had in college would do that. We shared a wall. We were best friends. I fell in love. I swear he used to play my favorite artist on purpose because he knew I was listening. Thanks for the nostalgia! (:
A guitar player used to live above me. He would play on his acoustic a lot and it sounded lovely coming from above, somewhat muted from the ceiling. Sometimes me and one of my best friends would be having a deep conversation on my couch, and in between a lull he would start playing and it always felt really surreal and peaceful and beautiful like we were in a movie. It sucks since he moved out. I always loved hearing him play whatever as a backdrop to my little simple life in my 1 bedroom apartment. Sometimes it was like he was playing for me. and I had a neighbor decide 4am was a good time to start practicing drums.		He's not my neighbor anymore.
A guitar player used to live above me. He would play on his acoustic a lot and it sounded lovely coming from above, somewhat muted from the ceiling. Sometimes me and one of my best friends would be having a deep conversation on my couch, and in between a lull he would start playing and it always felt really surreal and peaceful and beautiful like we were in a movie. It sucks since he moved out. I always loved hearing him play whatever as a backdrop to my little simple life in my 1 bedroom apartment. Sometimes it was like he was playing for me. I had the same with a room mate he played Spanish guitar every day. I loved listening to it (especially when high).		Myself I'm a chill out / triphop producer and my current upper neighbour is in a band. We warned each other for our noise. But I'm way more active with my music then he is (also late at night..). So for almost a year I felt guilty for doing that. Then this last new years eve he invited me to his party and he told me he loved my music and he wrote 3 songs fully based on my songs. That was so honest and humbling to hear! :) 		Now I'm opening a copyright case with my lawyer.. How dare he steal my songs! Thy shalt pay!
One of our neighbors (their property backs against ours) plays the bagpipes. He practices outside every Tuesday and Thursday. At first it was terrible, but he's gotten much better. The days he doesn't play are disappointing now.  His improvement over time and your enjoyment of his hobby is very wholesome. I love the extra stories in the comments. Thanks for sharing. :) 
One of our neighbors (their property backs against ours) plays the bagpipes. He practices outside every Tuesday and Thursday. At first it was terrible, but he's gotten much better. The days he doesn't play are disappointing now.  There was a guy in my drum corps who had bagpipes on tour.  Every once in a while I'd wander away from the cacophony of a dozen trucks and at least twice that many buses in a single parking lot only to hear him practicing somewhere off in the distance.		I'm not exactly a bagpipe aficionado so probably not a good judge, but I'm pretty sure this guy was *always* good.  Or at least it was really nice to listen to. =D
I used to live beside a porn addict and a hooker, I was basically surrounded by very fainted moaning everyday...... College life was hilarious thanks to that, my friends laugh everytime they come visit lolI'm in college right now and my upstairs neighbors LOVE fucking at 5 am. And they are very loud.
I used to live beside a porn addict and a hooker, I was basically surrounded by very fainted moaning everyday...... College life was hilarious thanks to that, my friends laugh everytime they come visit lolI lived next to a guy who, no joke, played Darude Sandstorm on repeat for 4-6 hours a day. It had to be a sick joke on his roommate or something. I didn't spend much time in that apartment. 
I used to live beside a porn addict and a hooker, I was basically surrounded by very fainted moaning everyday...... College life was hilarious thanks to that, my friends laugh everytime they come visit lolHoly shit, I would have gone apeshit hearing all that noise. 		If you're anything like your username, though, you probably liked it. 
I'm a drummer. 		I've actually never had complaints from neighbors. The best idea is that you do not play during the worst hours of the day, you make sure you give them your number so they can text/call if its a bad time, and you play quietly. 		It's absurd how loud some drummers have to play; the true tell of whether or not a drummer is good is how well they can play quietly. I never needed to play loud to get my practice in. I simply play with quieter sticks and developed adequate control over my sticks so that fast didn't really mean loud.Don't they also make drum mutes that decrease reverb? And putting your drum kit on a folded up blanket would help soften the sound for a downstairs neighbor.
There's a mysterious piano player in my apartment block, of whom I can never quite make out the direction but they will randomly play beautifully and it's awesome on summer days. I also assume they have perhaps a child or a student, because the quality of the songs will sometimes differ drastically:DI had a mysterious/untraceable opera singer in my old building, I was so excited when I finally met him as he was hanging a poster in our laundry room for a chorus performance...I may have scared him a little lol, but he really had a beautiful voice! I could sit on my patio during the day and just enjoy the music floating up from below, I miss that. 
My father plays guitar, badly, it's maddening and he doesn't respond to my pleas, polite requests, etc.		Send help.Shame, there's only one way to get good and that's by being bad first 
My father plays guitar, badly, it's maddening and he doesn't respond to my pleas, polite requests, etc.		Send help.My grandfather played violin his whole life, and he was terrible at it. It makes me smile thinking back on his one-man concerts he'd put on for us. He was doing what he loved and that's what mattered. I miss him. 
My father plays guitar, badly, it's maddening and he doesn't respond to my pleas, polite requests, etc.		Send help.He's doing something he loves, and maybe someday he'll become very good. All great musicians start off bad. Why don't you pick up an instrument and try learning and playing with him
Not really.		When we moved in last year, we got a note in our mailbox from Fred down the street.		Fred is a retired police officer. 40 years on the force in our city. He said he's always happy to provide advice, fast response for any dangerous issues, or anything else. He also mentioned how he's first aid and CPR certified and keeps up on it. Fred got a big batch of cookies from us around Christmas.Man my favorite neighbor was a guy named Fred. Would always come over and help with whatever project I was working on,always had barbecues with us,just a stand up guy. 
What a roller coaster.That's not even a full roller coaster though, it's supposed to go up and down more than once. That's like a Roller Coaster Tycoon roller coaster, it just goes up once and explodes :c
You've great taste! La Campanella is a demon of a piece... Yes, La Campanella is a beast of a piece, I love seeing Valentina Lisitsa play it.
pls be a spotify playlist i would subscribe so hardHi friend! I dont have a Spotify playist for this, but I have a google doc from growing up listening to publicly funded radio. Anything with a youtube link is the best performance of the piece I know. There's a lot of entry level stuff on here but also some lesser known pieces!		Classical pieces	Three Parts on a Ground - Henry Purcell 		Symphony #2 - Franz Schubert 		Symphony #3 - Antonin Dvoark		Romantic Pieces - Antonin Dvoark https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XqxIDVNlD8		The Four Seasons - Vivaldi		Piano Trio, Op. 70 #2 in E-flat Major - Beethoven 		Swan Lake Suite - Tchaikovsky		The Planets Suite - Holst		Concerto for Clarinet and Orchestra Op 26 -  Weber		Niobe - Steffani 		Violin Sonata #9 "Kreutzer" - Ludwig van Beethoven		Waves of the Danube - Ion Ivanovici		Trio Sonata, RV 64 in D Minor Antonio Vivaldi - L'Estravagante - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFX_2UWren0		Oboe Concerto Alessandro Marcello - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgcOz2iZy1M		Concerto Grosso, Op. 6 #1 in G Major - Handel		The Roman Carnival - Hector Beriloz		Russlan & Ludmilla: Dances in Naina's	L Castle - Mikhail Glinka		Aria da Capo - Bach		Moonlight Sonata - Mozart		Requiem; Introitus - Mozart 		Swan lake suite - Tchaikovsky https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqZfoK25lnY		Beethoven, 7th Symphony, 2nd movement  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J12zprD7V1k		Clarinet Concerto #2, Op. 74 Carl Maria von Weber		Harp Concerto: III-Rondeau Francois-Adrien Boieldieu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba4WzGC692c		dance of the hours		Antonn Dvok - Piano Quintet in A major, Op. 81		Symphony #1 Etienne-Nicolas Mehul	 Bach - Concerto for flute, violin and harpsichord in A minor (BMV 1044)		Il trovatore: Ballet Scenes: Sevillana & Echo du soldat Giuseppe Verd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOCLOTpUTRQi		Heinichen - Concerto in G major https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR8vP8qNv8o
[Some of the founding documents are pretty hard still.](https://www.monticello.org/sites/default/files/uploaded-content-images/Declaration_Engrav_Pg1of1_doctored_0.jpg) Doesn't help that they use the long S which just feels weird. Took me way to long to work out what "causes" was.That script is so beautiful to look at. 
[Some of the founding documents are pretty hard still.](https://www.monticello.org/sites/default/files/uploaded-content-images/Declaration_Engrav_Pg1of1_doctored_0.jpg) Doesn't help that they use the long S which just feels weird. Took me way to long to work out what "causes" was.Wow, that's handwritten? My handwriting is barley legible, and this is just so beautiful...
:(Why sad, is okay. Stuff happens. I can still play bass, I can still sing/scream in my band
Pick up the trumpet or guitar (u can go lefty!) If you want to play music still.		https://youtu.be/x6ibKY-M-OYIm a bassist/drummer/singer/screamer/songwriter soon-to-be-violinist. If I pick up one more instrument Ill create a black hole
Yeah, listen to these following works:		* Une Barque Sur L'Ocean by Ravel. I like the Andre Laplante recording.		* Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto no. 2 op 18. Anna Fedorova on Youtube is my favorite right now, other than the vinyls of Rachmaninoff himself doing it with the Philadelphia Orchestra.		* Jardins Sous La Pluie (Gardens in the Rain) by Debussy. Most recordings of this I've heard will do.		* Peace Piece by Bill Evans.			EnjoySeems like I have an afternoon of lovely music ahead of me. Thank you very much!
Have you ever told him? I'd imagine he'd be delighted to hear that.I didn't get to tell him before he moved out!!! I don't know if I even got a chance to ever see him! No idea what he looked like :( now all I hear is the guy above me peeing in the morning the same time I pee before we both go to class.... 
Have you ever told him? I'd imagine he'd be delighted to hear that.This. Us guitar players love hearing things like that even if we don't admit it. 
This roommate I had in college would do that. We shared a wall. We were best friends. I fell in love. I swear he used to play my favorite artist on purpose because he knew I was listening. Thanks for the nostalgia! (:You fell in love with your roommate?
and I had a neighbor decide 4am was a good time to start practicing drums.		He's not my neighbor anymore.Wow, really?! Glad to hear that his practice paid off and he is a famous rockstar now!
I had the same with a room mate he played Spanish guitar every day. I loved listening to it (especially when high).		Myself I'm a chill out / triphop producer and my current upper neighbour is in a band. We warned each other for our noise. But I'm way more active with my music then he is (also late at night..). So for almost a year I felt guilty for doing that. Then this last new years eve he invited me to his party and he told me he loved my music and he wrote 3 songs fully based on my songs. That was so honest and humbling to hear! :) 		Now I'm opening a copyright case with my lawyer.. How dare he steal my songs! Thy shalt pay!Thou; thy is a possessive adjective
I had the same with a room mate he played Spanish guitar every day. I loved listening to it (especially when high).		Myself I'm a chill out / triphop producer and my current upper neighbour is in a band. We warned each other for our noise. But I'm way more active with my music then he is (also late at night..). So for almost a year I felt guilty for doing that. Then this last new years eve he invited me to his party and he told me he loved my music and he wrote 3 songs fully based on my songs. That was so honest and humbling to hear! :) 		Now I'm opening a copyright case with my lawyer.. How dare he steal my songs! Thy shalt pay!How endearing!!! Glad to hear it worked out, I bet there are so many musicians who have that effect on people and never know it! 
I'm in college right now and my upstairs neighbors LOVE fucking at 5 am. And they are very loud.Next time you hear them going at it, just start moaning back at them. 	That's my strategy. I call it the 'spiritual threesome'.
I'm in college right now and my upstairs neighbors LOVE fucking at 5 am. And they are very loud.My college roommate was my cousin and he and his rather large girlfriend liked to do it before bed. Our rooms were separated by a slatted door, like what you would see between a room and laundry room. They disturbed me, so I decided to play some Marvin Gaye to drown out the noise. Apparently, they didn't appreciate that and we are no longer friendos.
I'm in college right now and my upstairs neighbors LOVE fucking at 5 am. And they are very loud.I think they want you to join... You should bring cookies
I lived next to a guy who, no joke, played Darude Sandstorm on repeat for 4-6 hours a day. It had to be a sick joke on his roommate or something. I didn't spend much time in that apartment. Have you ever gotten *really* stoned, like "I know I have eyelids but I forget how to work them" stoned, and listened to that song?  I could totally listen to it for hours in that state.
Don't they also make drum mutes that decrease reverb? And putting your drum kit on a folded up blanket would help soften the sound for a downstairs neighbor.Yea, I actually have my drum set set-up in my basement. I like in a row-home and have neighbors on either side. My set-up includes: 	 	* power rods - bundle of bamboo sticks. [here's a link](https://www.amazon.com/Promark-H-RODS-Rods-Drum-Stick/dp/B001SEQQDC/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1488824889&sr=8-2&keywords=soft+drum+sticks); they don't sound the same but they're perfect for practice.		* blankets/sheets in my drum set to muffle the sound.		* sound-proofed room. I bought sound-proofing foam [like this](https://www.sweetwater.com/store/detail/UAWPW12?utm_source=MSN&utm_medium=PPC&utm_campaign=none&utm_term=Brand&creative=9338692760&device=c) it's not perfect because, drums, but it does help a lot.		* Then I put egg cartons over the dry wall to help even more.		* Then my floors are carpeted.
My grandfather played violin his whole life, and he was terrible at it. It makes me smile thinking back on his one-man concerts he'd put on for us. He was doing what he loved and that's what mattered. I miss him. My grandfather played violin as well, but he was a symphony musician. His room shared a wall with mine and I used to hate hate hate his  2 hour practice sessions. He did the same rudiments over and over, every day, until the day he died.		Now that he is gone, I would give anything to sit back in bed and listen to him play thise same rudiments one more time. 
That's not even a full roller coaster though, it's supposed to go up and down more than once. That's like a Roller Coaster Tycoon roller coaster, it just goes up once and explodes :cOne of my virtual coasters crashed and 8 people died. I should have seen the warning signs. The age of the coaster, the increasing number of breakdowns. But I did nothing... I'm still plagued with virtual guilt. 
That's not even a full roller coaster though, it's supposed to go up and down more than once. That's like a Roller Coaster Tycoon roller coaster, it just goes up once and explodes :cI was worried that it was /u/shittymorph for a moment, to be honest.
Hi friend! I dont have a Spotify playist for this, but I have a google doc from growing up listening to publicly funded radio. Anything with a youtube link is the best performance of the piece I know. There's a lot of entry level stuff on here but also some lesser known pieces!		Classical pieces	Three Parts on a Ground - Henry Purcell 		Symphony #2 - Franz Schubert 		Symphony #3 - Antonin Dvoark		Romantic Pieces - Antonin Dvoark https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XqxIDVNlD8		The Four Seasons - Vivaldi		Piano Trio, Op. 70 #2 in E-flat Major - Beethoven 		Swan Lake Suite - Tchaikovsky		The Planets Suite - Holst		Concerto for Clarinet and Orchestra Op 26 -  Weber		Niobe - Steffani 		Violin Sonata #9 "Kreutzer" - Ludwig van Beethoven		Waves of the Danube - Ion Ivanovici		Trio Sonata, RV 64 in D Minor Antonio Vivaldi - L'Estravagante - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFX_2UWren0		Oboe Concerto Alessandro Marcello - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgcOz2iZy1M		Concerto Grosso, Op. 6 #1 in G Major - Handel		The Roman Carnival - Hector Beriloz		Russlan & Ludmilla: Dances in Naina's	L Castle - Mikhail Glinka		Aria da Capo - Bach		Moonlight Sonata - Mozart		Requiem; Introitus - Mozart 		Swan lake suite - Tchaikovsky https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqZfoK25lnY		Beethoven, 7th Symphony, 2nd movement  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J12zprD7V1k		Clarinet Concerto #2, Op. 74 Carl Maria von Weber		Harp Concerto: III-Rondeau Francois-Adrien Boieldieu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba4WzGC692c		dance of the hours		Antonn Dvok - Piano Quintet in A major, Op. 81		Symphony #1 Etienne-Nicolas Mehul	 Bach - Concerto for flute, violin and harpsichord in A minor (BMV 1044)		Il trovatore: Ballet Scenes: Sevillana & Echo du soldat Giuseppe Verd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOCLOTpUTRQi		Heinichen - Concerto in G major https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR8vP8qNv8oIf I may add my own to your list		[Finale from Shostakovich's 5th symphony](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YarFI7r2shY)		Tchaikovsky, 5th symphony, 2nd movement		[Bach's Little Fugue in G Minor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2p7I3zmcfc), arranged for brass quintet.		Pines of Rome by Respighi		Danse Macabre by Camille Saint-Sans.		Scheherazade by Rimsky-Korsakov, it's a four movement work and any of them are fantastic.		Vltava (or the Moldau) from Ma Vlast by Bedich Smetana.		Bach. Cello Suite #1 in G, BWV 1007 - I. Prelude		Serenade for Strings in C major, Op. 48: I. Pezzo in forma di sonatina: Andante non troppo - Allegro moderato		Promenade from Pictures at an Exhibition by Mussorgsky.		Danse Bacchanale by Camille Saint-Saens.				
Hi friend! I dont have a Spotify playist for this, but I have a google doc from growing up listening to publicly funded radio. Anything with a youtube link is the best performance of the piece I know. There's a lot of entry level stuff on here but also some lesser known pieces!		Classical pieces	Three Parts on a Ground - Henry Purcell 		Symphony #2 - Franz Schubert 		Symphony #3 - Antonin Dvoark		Romantic Pieces - Antonin Dvoark https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XqxIDVNlD8		The Four Seasons - Vivaldi		Piano Trio, Op. 70 #2 in E-flat Major - Beethoven 		Swan Lake Suite - Tchaikovsky		The Planets Suite - Holst		Concerto for Clarinet and Orchestra Op 26 -  Weber		Niobe - Steffani 		Violin Sonata #9 "Kreutzer" - Ludwig van Beethoven		Waves of the Danube - Ion Ivanovici		Trio Sonata, RV 64 in D Minor Antonio Vivaldi - L'Estravagante - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFX_2UWren0		Oboe Concerto Alessandro Marcello - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgcOz2iZy1M		Concerto Grosso, Op. 6 #1 in G Major - Handel		The Roman Carnival - Hector Beriloz		Russlan & Ludmilla: Dances in Naina's	L Castle - Mikhail Glinka		Aria da Capo - Bach		Moonlight Sonata - Mozart		Requiem; Introitus - Mozart 		Swan lake suite - Tchaikovsky https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqZfoK25lnY		Beethoven, 7th Symphony, 2nd movement  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J12zprD7V1k		Clarinet Concerto #2, Op. 74 Carl Maria von Weber		Harp Concerto: III-Rondeau Francois-Adrien Boieldieu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba4WzGC692c		dance of the hours		Antonn Dvok - Piano Quintet in A major, Op. 81		Symphony #1 Etienne-Nicolas Mehul	 Bach - Concerto for flute, violin and harpsichord in A minor (BMV 1044)		Il trovatore: Ballet Scenes: Sevillana & Echo du soldat Giuseppe Verd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOCLOTpUTRQi		Heinichen - Concerto in G major https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR8vP8qNv8oyou just made the rest of my workday very enjoyable. thanks homie. 
Why sad, is okay. Stuff happens. I can still play bass, I can still sing/scream in my bandOkay, good.  I was just sad because you aren't able to do something about which you are passionate.  I'm glad there are other mediums you can enjoy.
I didn't get to tell him before he moved out!!! I don't know if I even got a chance to ever see him! No idea what he looked like :( now all I hear is the guy above me peeing in the morning the same time I pee before we both go to class.... *Sometimes it was like he was peeing for me.*
This. Us guitar players love hearing things like that even if we don't admit it. You mean you like compliments?? Get outta here! 
You fell in love with your roommate?Reading these stories, I'm beginning to realize that picking up the kazoo to seduce girls was a mistake.
You fell in love with your roommate?Yes... Questions?
Next time you hear them going at it, just start moaning back at them. 	That's my strategy. I call it the 'spiritual threesome'.Lol, I might have to give it a try.		It's becoming a real problem for me. At least 3 times a week they fuck when they wake up(I guess at 5 am) and I just can not sleep while hearing it above me. It usually lasts at least 20 minutes as well.
Next time you hear them going at it, just start moaning back at them. 	That's my strategy. I call it the 'spiritual threesome'.My ex from freshman year would try and use really loud sex as a way to tell her neighbor's to stop drinking past 3am and go to sleep...		Not sure if it worked honestly \_()_/	
Next time you hear them going at it, just start moaning back at them. 	That's my strategy. I call it the 'spiritual threesome'.[Trust me you can Dance] (http://picsgur.com/funny/trust-me-you-can-dance/)
My college roommate was my cousin and he and his rather large girlfriend liked to do it before bed. Our rooms were separated by a slatted door, like what you would see between a room and laundry room. They disturbed me, so I decided to play some Marvin Gaye to drown out the noise. Apparently, they didn't appreciate that and we are no longer friendos.Yeah, the girl upstairs is quite big too which I am sure contributes to the banging noises.		That sounds hilarious lmao.
Have you ever gotten *really* stoned, like "I know I have eyelids but I forget how to work them" stoned, and listened to that song?  I could totally listen to it for hours in that state.> "I know I have eyelids but I forget how to work them"		This. First time I ever got REALLY stoned I felt like gravity was fucking with me. 		
One of my virtual coasters crashed and 8 people died. I should have seen the warning signs. The age of the coaster, the increasing number of breakdowns. But I did nothing... I'm still plagued with virtual guilt. You should check out *Planet Coaster* if you haven't. Captures so much of the joy of the original *Rollercoaster Tycoon* games. It's lovely.		I hear *Parkitect* is nice if you'd prefer a more traditional isometric view.		And uh, *Rollercoaster Tycoon World*... let's say that ended up about as well as your coaster.
Okay, good.  I was just sad because you aren't able to do something about which you are passionate.  I'm glad there are other mediums you can enjoy.I play bass/drums, I sing and I scream, I write(two novels in progress and I write the lyrics for my band) I doodle. Im learning violin. I got plenty as long as it doesnt involve my ring finger on my right hand.
*Sometimes it was like he was peeing for me.*Have you ever told him? I'd imagine he'd be delighted to hear that.	
Reading these stories, I'm beginning to realize that picking up the kazoo to seduce girls was a mistake.Not the worst thing, I picked up Hepatitis B.
Yes... Questions? Did you tell him? What happened?
Yes... Questions?That sounds sweet, may I ask what happened after you found out you fell in love? :)
Yes... Questions?Story time
Lol, I might have to give it a try.		It's becoming a real problem for me. At least 3 times a week they fuck when they wake up(I guess at 5 am) and I just can not sleep while hearing it above me. It usually lasts at least 20 minutes as well.Get a cherry MX blue keyboard and drive them insane back 
Lol, I might have to give it a try.		It's becoming a real problem for me. At least 3 times a week they fuck when they wake up(I guess at 5 am) and I just can not sleep while hearing it above me. It usually lasts at least 20 minutes as well.Sounds like they have a healthy relationship :)
I play bass/drums, I sing and I scream, I write(two novels in progress and I write the lyrics for my band) I doodle. Im learning violin. I got plenty as long as it doesnt involve my ring finger on my right hand.How about a link to one of your songs?
Have you ever told him? I'd imagine he'd be delighted to hear that.	This. Us guitar players love hearing things like that even if we don't admit it.
That sounds sweet, may I ask what happened after you found out you fell in love? :)'Twas many summers ago when I was in college... My dear friend, and roommate, planned to go home for the summer after we signed a lease in April. She quickly found a replacement roommate for the summer. He was a couple years ahead in college and had a summer internship in Del Mar. He was from the east coast and had no one here. I worked nights and our other roommate was rather antisocial. She hid in her room 90% of the time she was home. It was also my first summer in San Diego.		We became fast friends. We didn't have a tv or much for entertainment (I was still under drinking age). His parents had rented him a nice car to use while away from home. We both wanted to get out and explore San Diego. It started with random drives to no where in particular and then led to chasing the sunset on almost a weekly basis. He would get home from work and I hadn't done anything but sleep all day. We'd jump in the car and blast the music we loved as we raced to Sunset Cliffs to catch another glimpse of the sunset. It never felt old. 		On the nights I didn't have to work, we'd go to the nearby grocery store and he'd buy us a type of beer he'd want me to try. We'd light the fire pit in our backyard and drink the night away. This became a weekend ritual. After some time, we were doing everything together. 		We felt like a couple. We went grocery shopping and he'd tickle me when he found me a couple aisles down. I was feeling depressed one night and sat on the kitchen floor crying. He found me and sat with me. The thought crossed my mind, "I never want to be anywhere you're not." I knew I had messed up.		My mom came to visit for 4th of July. We went to go watch the fireworks at the Big Bay Boom. This year was the most memorable... they lit off all of them at once. It felt like a perfect metaphor for our summer together. We went home and in my disappointment of missing a real fireworks show we drank. A lot. I don't quite recall who kissed who first, but one thing led to another...		The next day, while he was at work he text me.  He told me that last night couldn't happen again. He let me down easy. A few days passed and my mom went home. A few weeks passed and it was time for his family and his long-term girlfriend to come visit. I left like a thief in the night. All I left was a sticky note on the door indicating that I had gone to my hometown for the week. 		Upon my return we went back to being friends. The flirtation had faded away. He went to his room most nights and played guitar instead of chasing sunsets with me. I would sit up against our wall and listen to him play. Every once in a while I'd hear a familiar tune: Jack Johnson, my favorite artist at the time. I think he knew I was listening. 		Once in his car at the grocery store I asked for a kiss. He reluctantly agreed. I still feel terrible for putting him in such a position. 		His final days were soon upon us. We planned a last hoorah at a local restaurant we had discovered together. Things felt scattered. I wrote him a letter and hid it in his suitcase. I thanked him for the best summer and let him know I was falling in love with him. I told him to marry her (and he did). We haven't spoken much since. 
That sounds sweet, may I ask what happened after you found out you fell in love? :)He moved out, like the guitarist
Get a cherry MX blue keyboard and drive them insane back Next time you hear someone typing, just start clicking back at them. I call it the 'spiritual group project'. 
Get a cherry MX blue keyboard and drive them insane back Rookie, go Cherry Green for maximum loud clicking.		/r/mechanicalkeyboards				\^shameless plug
Get a cherry MX blue keyboard and drive them insane back Or a Remington typewriter from the 40s. 
Sounds like they have a healthy relationship :)That's what I remind myself when my neighbors go at it more nights than not. I may be annoyed by how their bed is banging into the wall,  but I am genuinely happy for them. 
How about a link to one of your songs?We have no music out yet and Im 1000 miles away from the rest of the band. If everything works out, we're hitting the studio in October
This. Us guitar players love hearing things like that even if we don't admit it.You may want to look at the parent comment of the comment you replied to. Unless you were making a joke. 
'Twas many summers ago when I was in college... My dear friend, and roommate, planned to go home for the summer after we signed a lease in April. She quickly found a replacement roommate for the summer. He was a couple years ahead in college and had a summer internship in Del Mar. He was from the east coast and had no one here. I worked nights and our other roommate was rather antisocial. She hid in her room 90% of the time she was home. It was also my first summer in San Diego.		We became fast friends. We didn't have a tv or much for entertainment (I was still under drinking age). His parents had rented him a nice car to use while away from home. We both wanted to get out and explore San Diego. It started with random drives to no where in particular and then led to chasing the sunset on almost a weekly basis. He would get home from work and I hadn't done anything but sleep all day. We'd jump in the car and blast the music we loved as we raced to Sunset Cliffs to catch another glimpse of the sunset. It never felt old. 		On the nights I didn't have to work, we'd go to the nearby grocery store and he'd buy us a type of beer he'd want me to try. We'd light the fire pit in our backyard and drink the night away. This became a weekend ritual. After some time, we were doing everything together. 		We felt like a couple. We went grocery shopping and he'd tickle me when he found me a couple aisles down. I was feeling depressed one night and sat on the kitchen floor crying. He found me and sat with me. The thought crossed my mind, "I never want to be anywhere you're not." I knew I had messed up.		My mom came to visit for 4th of July. We went to go watch the fireworks at the Big Bay Boom. This year was the most memorable... they lit off all of them at once. It felt like a perfect metaphor for our summer together. We went home and in my disappointment of missing a real fireworks show we drank. A lot. I don't quite recall who kissed who first, but one thing led to another...		The next day, while he was at work he text me.  He told me that last night couldn't happen again. He let me down easy. A few days passed and my mom went home. A few weeks passed and it was time for his family and his long-term girlfriend to come visit. I left like a thief in the night. All I left was a sticky note on the door indicating that I had gone to my hometown for the week. 		Upon my return we went back to being friends. The flirtation had faded away. He went to his room most nights and played guitar instead of chasing sunsets with me. I would sit up against our wall and listen to him play. Every once in a while I'd hear a familiar tune: Jack Johnson, my favorite artist at the time. I think he knew I was listening. 		Once in his car at the grocery store I asked for a kiss. He reluctantly agreed. I still feel terrible for putting him in such a position. 		His final days were soon upon us. We planned a last hoorah at a local restaurant we had discovered together. Things felt scattered. I wrote him a letter and hid it in his suitcase. I thanked him for the best summer and let him know I was falling in love with him. I told him to marry her (and he did). We haven't spoken much since. That was a great story, even if it was't exactly the happy ending you were probably hoping for. I hope you both find happiness in life.
'Twas many summers ago when I was in college... My dear friend, and roommate, planned to go home for the summer after we signed a lease in April. She quickly found a replacement roommate for the summer. He was a couple years ahead in college and had a summer internship in Del Mar. He was from the east coast and had no one here. I worked nights and our other roommate was rather antisocial. She hid in her room 90% of the time she was home. It was also my first summer in San Diego.		We became fast friends. We didn't have a tv or much for entertainment (I was still under drinking age). His parents had rented him a nice car to use while away from home. We both wanted to get out and explore San Diego. It started with random drives to no where in particular and then led to chasing the sunset on almost a weekly basis. He would get home from work and I hadn't done anything but sleep all day. We'd jump in the car and blast the music we loved as we raced to Sunset Cliffs to catch another glimpse of the sunset. It never felt old. 		On the nights I didn't have to work, we'd go to the nearby grocery store and he'd buy us a type of beer he'd want me to try. We'd light the fire pit in our backyard and drink the night away. This became a weekend ritual. After some time, we were doing everything together. 		We felt like a couple. We went grocery shopping and he'd tickle me when he found me a couple aisles down. I was feeling depressed one night and sat on the kitchen floor crying. He found me and sat with me. The thought crossed my mind, "I never want to be anywhere you're not." I knew I had messed up.		My mom came to visit for 4th of July. We went to go watch the fireworks at the Big Bay Boom. This year was the most memorable... they lit off all of them at once. It felt like a perfect metaphor for our summer together. We went home and in my disappointment of missing a real fireworks show we drank. A lot. I don't quite recall who kissed who first, but one thing led to another...		The next day, while he was at work he text me.  He told me that last night couldn't happen again. He let me down easy. A few days passed and my mom went home. A few weeks passed and it was time for his family and his long-term girlfriend to come visit. I left like a thief in the night. All I left was a sticky note on the door indicating that I had gone to my hometown for the week. 		Upon my return we went back to being friends. The flirtation had faded away. He went to his room most nights and played guitar instead of chasing sunsets with me. I would sit up against our wall and listen to him play. Every once in a while I'd hear a familiar tune: Jack Johnson, my favorite artist at the time. I think he knew I was listening. 		Once in his car at the grocery store I asked for a kiss. He reluctantly agreed. I still feel terrible for putting him in such a position. 		His final days were soon upon us. We planned a last hoorah at a local restaurant we had discovered together. Things felt scattered. I wrote him a letter and hid it in his suitcase. I thanked him for the best summer and let him know I was falling in love with him. I told him to marry her (and he did). We haven't spoken much since. Your story is beautiful as a movie. Thank you.		I wish you are happy now :)
Next time you hear someone typing, just start clicking back at them. I call it the 'spiritual group project'. Yeah but if they actually speak Afrikaans, then you might have just insulted them accidentally. 
That's what I remind myself when my neighbors go at it more nights than not. I may be annoyed by how their bed is banging into the wall,  but I am genuinely happy for them. This is true, always good to see happiness. It's just annoying because it wakes me up at 5 am. I don't care when they fuck and I'm just chilling. It's funny to tell my friends to listen up if they are over and they start at night lol.
We have no music out yet and Im 1000 miles away from the rest of the band. If everything works out, we're hitting the studio in OctoberIn that case, good luck :D
