too pure[deleted]
too pureLook at that duck's friends supporting him! What great friends:)
too pureCasting a side glance to make sure he's doing it right. He looks like me in yoga class
too pureOk. At first I thought that flamingo had two flamingos as legs. I need to lie down for a minute
too pureAren't we all ducks thinking we're flamingos sometimes? *sigh*
too pureDon't you tell him what he can and can't do, he deserves everything! 
too pureDay 8: The others still aren't onto me. I was invited to Steve's house party today and the plan is still on track. 
too pureWhen it Rome, do as the Romans do.
too pureThat's a Pixar film idea if I've ever seen one 
too pureIsn't that a goose?
too pure/r/actlikeyoubelong
too pureThe flamingos seemed to have accepted him as family, the end :D
too pureReal question: why do flamingos do the one-legged stance? Is it comfortable? Their legs look like sticks. lol 
too pureThe other duck has had enough of his shit.
too pureThat duck IS a flamingo.		You go duck. Be you.
too pureSaw this at the san diego zoo i thought it was the funniest thing ever will update with a pic if i can find it.
too pureI hate to ruin the magic but this is just a bird thing.
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		Just a quack reminder? Missed opportunity there guys. 
Look at that duck's friends supporting him! What great friends:)http://imgur.com/TAtI4Ne idk what to believe
Casting a side glance to make sure he's doing it right. He looks like me in yoga classHe looks like what I imagine the average reddit user looks like in yoga class.
Ok. At first I thought that flamingo had two flamingos as legs. I need to lie down for a minuteCan't unsee 
Ok. At first I thought that flamingo had two flamingos as legs. I need to lie down for a minuteThank you for the laugh!
Ok. At first I thought that flamingo had two flamingos as legs. I need to lie down for a minuteHope you get a nice rest! :)
Aren't we all ducks thinking we're flamingos sometimes? *sigh*On this particular blessed day, to be precise. 
Don't you tell him what he can and can't do, he deserves everything! Yeah! Whose to say he ISNT a flamingo :)	It's all about a positive state of mind
Isn't that a goose?Yes, it's a silly goose!
Isn't that a goose?Yes. Also, geese will sometimes stand on one leg even if they've never seen a flamingo.
Real question: why do flamingos do the one-legged stance? Is it comfortable? Their legs look like sticks. lol Most all birds do this. Duck knows he's a duck.		Even my mccaw would sleep like this. It's an adaptation they all have to reduce heat loss.		http://birdnote.org/show/why-birds-stand-one-leg
I hate to ruin the magic but this is just a bird thing.If you hate to ruin the magic, don't ruin the magic. Then you have one less thing to hate :)
AwwSTAP LOOKIN AT ME SWAN!!!
It is actually called periscoping when snakes do it! I think I've heard it used about rabbits too, when they stand on their hind legs and stretch out tall.Many animals do. They do this to estimate distance between them and the object they are seeing. Many animals have very limited overlap in vision from one eye to the other, so their binocular visions are not very good. They raise their heads so their eyes get a second perspective, then lower to the original perspective to compare.
It is actually called periscoping when snakes do it! I think I've heard it used about rabbits too, when they stand on their hind legs and stretch out tall.When my dog does this we say he's doing the "meerkat"
http://imgur.com/TAtI4Ne idk what to believeBelieve the happy one and be happy. 
http://imgur.com/TAtI4Ne idk what to believeI believe in a thing called love
http://imgur.com/TAtI4Ne idk what to believeI'd believe that BabaJim guy
He looks like what I imagine the average reddit user looks like in yoga class.Good for average reddit user getting out there and trying something new! Keep it up friends!
On this particular blessed day, to be precise. OC must speak for himself. 
Yeah! Whose to say he ISNT a flamingo :)	It's all about a positive state of mindIf a duck wants to sexually identify as a flamingo, I say that his goosedamn right! This is 2017 people! Who gives a fuck what the duck wants to fuck! 		As long as he's not attracted to ducklings... That shit is not all it's quacked up to be.
I was so tempted to make a dad joke but as a childless female i'll hold myself back until someone more qualified takes over. Dad jokes are universal. Don't let your memes be dreams.
STAP LOOKIN AT ME SWAN!!![deleted]
STAP LOOKIN AT ME SWAN!!!I drew the duck blue because I've never seen a blue duck before, and to be honest with you I wanted to see a blue duck. 
STAP LOOKIN AT ME SWAN!!!Did you know swans can be gay?
Many animals do. They do this to estimate distance between them and the object they are seeing. Many animals have very limited overlap in vision from one eye to the other, so their binocular visions are not very good. They raise their heads so their eyes get a second perspective, then lower to the original perspective to compare.		> They raise their heads so their eyes get a second perspective, then lower to the original perspective to compare.		TIL animals are better at math and physics than I am.
Good for average reddit user getting out there and trying something new! Keep it up friends!Username does not check out.
If a duck wants to sexually identify as a flamingo, I say that his goosedamn right! This is 2017 people! Who gives a fuck what the duck wants to fuck! 		As long as he's not attracted to ducklings... That shit is not all it's quacked up to be.> goosedamn		> quacked up to be		I'm so easily amused... [insert the cackling goose gif]
Dad jokes are universal. Don't let your memes be dreams.In that case they stand with one leg up because if the lifted both legs up they'd fall over.		Imaginary cookies for anyone who knows where i got this from. 
Did you know swans can be gay?aaaaaand now my wife is crying.
		> They raise their heads so their eyes get a second perspective, then lower to the original perspective to compare.		TIL animals are better at math and physics than I am.you are also an animal, brother
		> They raise their heads so their eyes get a second perspective, then lower to the original perspective to compare.		TIL animals are better at math and physics than I am.He is going to concert
		> They raise their heads so their eyes get a second perspective, then lower to the original perspective to compare.		TIL animals are better at math and physics than I am.It's not like they're crunching numbers consciously. You're doing the same thing when you look at something. You are seeing two slightly different perspectives, one from each eye, and you are merging them together into a 3D mental model. It's just that you've done it your whole life so you don't think about it... It just happens. When something's hard to see and your squint your eyes to see it better, you're using pressure to slightly reshape your cornea so you can focus better.		We're pretty impressive critters. It's just natural for us so it's easy to overlook.
No matter how many times I read this I have no idea what the OP is trying to say.I think he means, essentially, that since a duck doesn't know it's a duck, it will instinctively go to its "mama," which depending on circumstancesay be a dog or an alligator or in this instance a flamingo, and then learn behaviors from mama and imitate them.
No matter how many times I read this I have no idea what the OP is trying to say.Maybe he wants to compare the picture with other situations where a duck would behave like a different animal showing that the possibilities of sillines are nearly endless.
you are also an animal, brotherA party animal!
I think he means, essentially, that since a duck doesn't know it's a duck, it will instinctively go to its "mama," which depending on circumstancesay be a dog or an alligator or in this instance a flamingo, and then learn behaviors from mama and imitate them.And I don't think they're saying it's true, I think they're saying it *would* be funny if it *were* true.		And they're totally right. Imagine a duck quacking like an asshole every time someone walks by the living room window and lifting its leg to pee on stuff. Good times!
