make love, not warLichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology.
make love, not war>During the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, Prince Johann II placed his soldiers at the disposal of the Confederation but only to defend the German territory of Tyrol. The Prince refused to have his men fight against other Germans. The Liechtenstein contingent took up position on the Stilfse Joch in the south of Liechtenstein to defend the Liechtenstein/Austrian border against attacks by the Italians under Garibaldi. A reserve of 20 men remained in Liechtenstein. When the war ended on July 22, the army of Liechtenstein marched home to a ceremonial welcome in Vaduz. Popular legend claims that 80 men went to war but 81 came back. Apparently an Austrian liaison officer joined up with the contingent on the way back.		I couldn't find a reliable source for this, but [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk%3AHistory_of_Liechtenstein) is a thread on Wikipedia about it. The source URL in this link is dead now, so who knows.
make love, not warWholesome Lichtenstein
make love, not warMust've sent a monk or two with them. wolololo
make love, not warWhenever I hear about things like this I'm always reminded of the time the war stopped in world war 1 for Christmas when German and British soldiers were friends for that day.		sorry it has been a long time since I remembered it was British and world war 1
make love, not warWololo
make love, not warLiechtenstein: The Canada of Europe
make love, not war[Brief historical context. Enjoy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFxa59sRRFM)
make love, not warFire Emblem IRL.
make love, not warr/wholesomewar
make love, not warOk so I dont think people realize how small of a country Lichtenstein is.		So theres the United States, and one of its smallish states is Ohio (Im talking land mass here). Its not huge but its not tiny so its a healthy shmedium.		One of this states larger cities is Cleveland, once again its not a huge city but its definatly not small.		About 45 minutes South of this is the smaller city of Akron. Definatly a small city. Theres like 3 skyscrapers and none of them are close to 80 stories tall or anything like that. Max id say is about 60 stories tall. But theres only three of them.		So then you drive another 20 minutes South of Akron and you get to a tiny little "city," called Green. This place has all of 2 streets in its own zip code the rest of it is a bunch of other cities zip codes. The only things we are known for is a Playboy bunny and an Olympic athlete from like half a century ago. The only time you would come here is to use our airport. Lichtenstein is only twice the size of this city (land mass) and has a population of only about 5,000 more people.		So yeah, its tiny.		Edit: Green has a population of about 30,000 people these days. About 86 km^2 (sorry on mobile)	Lichtenstine has a population of about 35,000 people and is about 160 km^2
make love, not warI would expect nothing less from the place that has a legacy dating back to the days of [protecting Italian virginity](https://youtu.be/XpJIVfGcL6Y)
make love, not warFrom the title, it really sounds like those 80 men made love to that one guy.	
make love, not war[removed]
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology."We're merely passing through."	"A likely story."
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology.I think this happens quite often without anyone noticing. One time some friends of mine were driving around in a tank and accidentally crossed the border. Their lieutenant saw them on the GPS and immediately called them angry as fuck telling them to come back.
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology.So that's where Putin got his excuse from, those sneaky Swiss.
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology.My father invaded Norway in a similar fashion in the 80's. Once they realised where they where they quietly snuck back out before they could be caught. 
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology."We're merely passing through."	"A likely story."
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology.[The Canadians invaded the US just this last January...they too were *lost*.](http://www.valleynewslive.com/content/news/Canadian-Helicopters-touch-down-in-NW-Minnesota-field-411280115.html)
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology.I was wondering why the Swiss were invading. Probably the only military engagement where the only thing fired were apologies.
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology.Didn't someone accidentally shoot a shell into Leichtenstein on a training thing and they solved it over some kind of alcohol?
Lichtenstein borders Switzerland and was invaded by [them in 2007](http://abcnews.go.com/International/story?id=2921407):		>Early Thursday, 170 Swiss soldiers on a training mission got lost in the rain and wandered over the unmarked border. They were a mile into Liechtenstein before they realized their mistake.		>Swiss authorities informed Liechtenstein their border had been breached and the commanding officer gave an official apology.It's kind of weird to think it is a news item that some people accidentally crossed over one of the imaginary lines people made up
>During the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, Prince Johann II placed his soldiers at the disposal of the Confederation but only to defend the German territory of Tyrol. The Prince refused to have his men fight against other Germans. The Liechtenstein contingent took up position on the Stilfse Joch in the south of Liechtenstein to defend the Liechtenstein/Austrian border against attacks by the Italians under Garibaldi. A reserve of 20 men remained in Liechtenstein. When the war ended on July 22, the army of Liechtenstein marched home to a ceremonial welcome in Vaduz. Popular legend claims that 80 men went to war but 81 came back. Apparently an Austrian liaison officer joined up with the contingent on the way back.		I couldn't find a reliable source for this, but [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk%3AHistory_of_Liechtenstein) is a thread on Wikipedia about it. The source URL in this link is dead now, so who knows.Could always use the Wayback Machine to see what the link looked like before it became dead
>During the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, Prince Johann II placed his soldiers at the disposal of the Confederation but only to defend the German territory of Tyrol. The Prince refused to have his men fight against other Germans. The Liechtenstein contingent took up position on the Stilfse Joch in the south of Liechtenstein to defend the Liechtenstein/Austrian border against attacks by the Italians under Garibaldi. A reserve of 20 men remained in Liechtenstein. When the war ended on July 22, the army of Liechtenstein marched home to a ceremonial welcome in Vaduz. Popular legend claims that 80 men went to war but 81 came back. Apparently an Austrian liaison officer joined up with the contingent on the way back.		I couldn't find a reliable source for this, but [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk%3AHistory_of_Liechtenstein) is a thread on Wikipedia about it. The source URL in this link is dead now, so who knows.[http://media.lonelyplanet.com/shop/pdfs/2143-Switzerland_-_Liechtenstein__Chapter_.pdf](http://media.lonelyplanet.com/shop/pdfs/2143-Switzerland_-_Liechtenstein__Chapter_.pdf)		Page 342 states it was an Italian man. 		Edit: Page is marked 342, this is a 2 page excerpt so it won't kill you to look. In the box on the right side, 2nd bullet point. 
Wholesome Lichtensteinthat's a much better title, why didn't I think of that
Wholesome LichtensteinIt really is an amazing country. I passed through this micro-nation in late 2015. Pulled into Vaduz and had a very expensive coffee. But the place was littered in Public Sculptures and art galleries. 		Oh, and the whole city/country has free Wifi at astronomical speeds. 
Must've sent a monk or two with them. wolololoRead it, sang it out loud. I don't make the rules. 20 years later and I still remember that sound. *Wololo*		Still recall the Firebat dialogue too, to cross games. And still get a little turned on. *Wanna turn up the heat?* Why yes, Firebat. Yes I do. 
Whenever I hear about things like this I'm always reminded of the time the war stopped in world war 1 for Christmas when German and British soldiers were friends for that day.		sorry it has been a long time since I remembered it was British and world war 1Christmas 1914, the first year of the war:	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christmas_truce			Should be noted that actions were taken by both sides to prevent this from happening again.
Whenever I hear about things like this I'm always reminded of the time the war stopped in world war 1 for Christmas when German and British soldiers were friends for that day.		sorry it has been a long time since I remembered it was British and world war 1You're kidding right? That were German and British soldiers during WW1.
WololoWololo		
WololoI need wood
Liechtenstein: The Canada of EuropeLiechtenstein could fit comfortably inside many lakes in Canada, just pointing out 		Edit: could fit in Lake Ontario ten times over, with room to spare. Ontario's not even the biggest great lake
[Brief historical context. Enjoy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFxa59sRRFM)That was great thank you!
Fire Emblem IRL.They just kept restarting the chapter till they saved all the villages and recruited all the enemies
r/wholesomewarI looked up /r/wholesomewar and there is /r/wholesomewars with only one post about Liechtenstein!
[removed]War is hell. 
[removed]What about borg assimilation? You can come back with greater numbers in that scenario too
"We're merely passing through."	"A likely story.""It's time I told the world of your sins."		(They have DENOUNCED you! Note: YOU ARE NOT AT WAR!)
"We're merely passing through."	"A likely story.""No really, we were just passing through."	"I wasn't being sarcastic. That seems like a likely story."
"We're merely passing through."	"A likely story."r/unexpectedciv
I think this happens quite often without anyone noticing. One time some friends of mine were driving around in a tank and accidentally crossed the border. Their lieutenant saw them on the GPS and immediately called them angry as fuck telling them to come back.Are you Swiss? 
I think this happens quite often without anyone noticing. One time some friends of mine were driving around in a tank and accidentally crossed the border. Their lieutenant saw them on the GPS and immediately called them angry as fuck telling them to come back.[deleted]
I think this happens quite often without anyone noticing. One time some friends of mine were driving around in a tank and accidentally crossed the border. Their lieutenant saw them on the GPS and immediately called them angry as fuck telling them to come back.One time we were hanging flags and doing military exercises, but we realized we were in the Falklands, not Argentina.
So that's where Putin got his excuse from, those sneaky Swiss.Unrelated, I have a pair of Swiss sneaks. They're grey.
My father invaded Norway in a similar fashion in the 80's. Once they realised where they where they quietly snuck back out before they could be caught. "I didn't mean to invade your country! But we were lost, we smelled the delicious salmon that cottage was cooking, the cow presented herself to me. It was an accident!"
"We're merely passing through."	"A likely story."That's what the Germans said the Belgians. Both times, too.
[The Canadians invaded the US just this last January...they too were *lost*.](http://www.valleynewslive.com/content/news/Canadian-Helicopters-touch-down-in-NW-Minnesota-field-411280115.html)How...in 2017, do you get lost by 40 miles??
Didn't someone accidentally shoot a shell into Leichtenstein on a training thing and they solved it over some kind of alcohol?They set a forest on fire, not by firing a shell into Lichtentstein, but by training nearby during very windy weather (Fhn). About 1000 firemen fought for the entire night. Helicopters couldn't fly because of the hefty winds (even the military ones). Except one local man, who flew with his private machine and was celebrated the next day as a hero. The flames could be stopped 30 meters before they reached a small town (Balzers), which would have burnt down too. It was the biggest fire in Liechtenstein ever.	Liechtenstein sent a harsh note of protest to the Swiss government. They apologised and the Swiss army planted 220'000 new trees in the following years. 30 years later the project was finished and the forest was in equal or better shape than before the fire.
I wish that everyone (every country) was like this. Life is easier when you are a rich country in a peaceful region.
It's kind of weird to think it is a news item that some people accidentally crossed over one of the imaginary lines people made upI mean, we make those imaginary lines for a reason. Kind of like road lines. What's stopping you from driving wherever you want on the road? The shiny bits of pavement sure aren't.
It's kind of weird to think it is a news item that some people accidentally crossed over one of the imaginary lines people made upI see you've been reading [the Devil's Dictionary](http://dd.pangyre.org/b/boundary.html).
It's kind of weird to think it is a news item that some people accidentally crossed over one of the imaginary lines people made upAll kinds of animals have territories they guard. Humans are no exception, we just have it a bit more complicated. 
Could always use the Wayback Machine to see what the link looked like before it became deadDoesn't work (Or I'm just not using it right) but basically, there's one snapshot of it from 2007 which is no longer available :(
Could always use the Wayback Machine to see what the link looked like before it became dead> the Wayback Machine		Ah, if my spotty memory serves me correctly, these were called "books," and they indirectly preserved great deals of original content from OPs of aeons past.
that's a much better title, why didn't I think of thatThat's okay friend! Your title is still spiffy and you brought us this quality wholesome post!
You're kidding right? That were German and British soldiers during WW1.Although there was a battle after Hitler's death where Germans and Americans teamed up to fight the SS. If I remember correctly is was called "the strangest battle of WW2" or something similar. 		Edit: found it, it was called [The battle for Castle Itter](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_for_Castle_Itter). Also a Sabaton song.
Wololo		Wololo
Liechtenstein could fit comfortably inside many lakes in Canada, just pointing out 		Edit: could fit in Lake Ontario ten times over, with room to spare. Ontario's not even the biggest great lakeIs also stupid wealthy
But Canada was heavily involved in World War 1 and 2 and is a MUCH larger country so I'm not seeing the correlation. Unless you just mean because of the sterotype of Canadians being very apologetic.Am Canadian. Was referring to the stereotype.
They just kept restarting the chapter till they saved all the villages and recruited all the enemiesToo real. 
"It's time I told the world of your sins."		(They have DENOUNCED you! Note: YOU ARE NOT AT WAR!)Oh god.....just when I thought I had gotten over it all. I can still hear the screams: "holy fuck it's daylight!!!"
"It's time I told the world of your sins."		(They have DENOUNCED you! Note: YOU ARE NOT AT WAR!)Very well
"It's time I told the world of your sins."		(They have DENOUNCED you! Note: YOU ARE NOT AT WAR!)Please don't do this to me. You're making me want to buy civilization VI. 		I have school, a great job, and a girlfriend. I want to keep those things.
"No really, we were just passing through."	"I wasn't being sarcastic. That seems like a likely story.""Tell you what, we'll forget about the whole thing - but only if you swing though again around, say, 18:30? Tonight's the battalion potluck, bring beer and something for dessert."
Are you Swiss? It happens in Europe more than people would think.  Backpacking around Europe I ended up in the wrong country and very confused.  
Are you Swiss? Not that guy, but I am Swiss. When doing my military service I once had to manage a communication outpost on a farm which was approx. 200m from the german border. There was no fence or anything, only a row of trees. If we wanted we could have just "invaded" Germany :P The only people we saw were some border police men who weren't happy about our lieutenant playing around with his green laser pointer.
Unrelated, I have a pair of Swiss sneaks. They're grey.A likely story. 
Unrelated, I have a pair of Swiss sneaks. They're grey.What makes a man turn neutral... Lust for gold? Power? Or were you just born with a heart full of neutrality?
"I didn't mean to invade your country! But we were lost, we smelled the delicious salmon that cottage was cooking, the cow presented herself to me. It was an accident!"If I wasn't so skint I would give you gold just for "the cow presented herself to me"		Had me giggling 
That's what the Germans said the Belgians. Both times, too.Well first time they asked politely (kinda) and Belgium tried to slow them down by fighting.
How...in 2017, do you get lost by 40 miles??I was wondering the same thing.... I mean sticking a GPS in those things couldn't be hard...		I wonder if it was actually some sort of non gps alternate navigation exercise gone wrong maybe?		#[Unless of course... they weren't lost...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Y73sPHKxw) 
They set a forest on fire, not by firing a shell into Lichtentstein, but by training nearby during very windy weather (Fhn). About 1000 firemen fought for the entire night. Helicopters couldn't fly because of the hefty winds (even the military ones). Except one local man, who flew with his private machine and was celebrated the next day as a hero. The flames could be stopped 30 meters before they reached a small town (Balzers), which would have burnt down too. It was the biggest fire in Liechtenstein ever.	Liechtenstein sent a harsh note of protest to the Swiss government. They apologised and the Swiss army planted 220'000 new trees in the following years. 30 years later the project was finished and the forest was in equal or better shape than before the fire.That almost reminds me of probably my favorite Zombie Apocalypse series, and one of the main characters is a Russian helicopter pilot who comes over to firefight in the Summer months. Somewhat irrelevant, but, y'know 		Edit: Book Series is called "Apocalypse Z", pretty sure it's Amazon E-book only, first book is called "The Beginning of the End"
Doesn't work (Or I'm just not using it right) but basically, there's one snapshot of it from 2007 which is no longer available :(This is the page Wiki Talk was linking: https://web.archive.org/web/20070903151416/http://www.skeptics.com.au/quiz/2000/0011.htm		If you scroll down you find the reference:		> Historically Better Answer	> 	> Why you lying hound. Walloping the Dutch indeed! How does one wallop Hollanders from Tyrol? Liechtenstein's last war was the end of the German Confederation, the Austro-Prussian war of 1866. According to 'Liechtenstein: History and Institutions of the Principality," Liechtenstein-verlag AG Vaduz, 1970: Prince Johann II committed his army (all 80 of it) on July 2. Declining to participate in war between German states, the Liechtensteiners were sent to guard the Stilfser Joch (Passo Stelvio) against any opportunistic moves from Italy by Garibaldi. On July 4th the Prussians beat the Austrians at Sadowa and an armistice was signed on the 22nd. The Liechtenstein army marched home, 81 of them this time; they had been joined by a stray Austrian. With the German Confederation quashed, Liechtenstein became a fully independent state and disbanded its army in 1868.		Which as you can see cites the print book 'Liechtenstein: History and Institutions of the Principality," Liechtenstein-verlag AG Vaduz, 1970.  https://books.google.com/books/about/Liechtenstein.html?id=KUsKAQAAIAAJ
> the Wayback Machine		Ah, if my spotty memory serves me correctly, these were called "books," and they indirectly preserved great deals of original content from OPs of aeons past.I enjoyed your comment. I thought it was ironic and funny and silly and nice.
That's okay friend! Your title is still spiffy and you brought us this quality wholesome post!:)
That's okay friend! Your title is still spiffy and you brought us this quality wholesome post!i fucking love this sub
Although there was a battle after Hitler's death where Germans and Americans teamed up to fight the SS. If I remember correctly is was called "the strangest battle of WW2" or something similar. 		Edit: found it, it was called [The battle for Castle Itter](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_for_Castle_Itter). Also a Sabaton song.Not only German and American soldiers, but high profile French POWs who'd just been freed, including a former prime minister of France and a tennis star. Strangest battle by far. 		Edit: And Austrian resistance fighters! 
Although there was a battle after Hitler's death where Germans and Americans teamed up to fight the SS. If I remember correctly is was called "the strangest battle of WW2" or something similar. 		Edit: found it, it was called [The battle for Castle Itter](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_for_Castle_Itter). Also a Sabaton song.[Link to the Sabaton song for those who want to hear it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whFJGCyeRzI&app=desktop) 
WololoWololo 
Is also stupid wealthyWhy?
Oh god.....just when I thought I had gotten over it all. I can still hear the screams: "holy fuck it's daylight!!!"This was me last weekend. And it is not easy to go for a domination victory as China. 
Oh god.....just when I thought I had gotten over it all. I can still hear the screams: "holy fuck it's daylight!!!""I had to work today!"		Civ taught me many life lessons on time management which I continue to ignore to this day. 
Very wellAh, it's always nice to see my favourite city state again.
Please don't do this to me. You're making me want to buy civilization VI. 		I have school, a great job, and a girlfriend. I want to keep those things.Luckily for me my laptop can't run VI so I don't even have the option of ruining my life with it! 
It happens in Europe more than people would think.  Backpacking around Europe I ended up in the wrong country and very confused.  Once I drove to Maastricht(NL) from Germany for a day off and on the way back I got lost as my phone(and navi) died and I accidentally wandered into Belgium. I didn't realize I was two countries over from where I should be for an hour or so.		Europe is a magical place. 
It happens in Europe more than people would think.  Backpacking around Europe I ended up in the wrong country and very confused.  Ah yeah, I forgot about Schengen(sorry if I misspelled that)
It happens in Europe more than people would think.  Backpacking around Europe I ended up in the wrong country and very confused.  I never really considered that as a possibility.  If you're talking about American states, this could happen very easily.  But if I wanted to visit another country, I have to get a passport and go through a border gate with a ton of cops and dogs etc...or fly an airplane or go on a ship.  But there are so many national borders in Europe it must be very easy to find yourself in the wrong country without even going through a checkpoint.
Who uses Google maps for military purpose?I read it is being used extensively in Syria and Iraq nowadays.
Who uses Google maps for military purpose?[deleted]
Yes we have them to control and punish people. Punish?
This is the page Wiki Talk was linking: https://web.archive.org/web/20070903151416/http://www.skeptics.com.au/quiz/2000/0011.htm		If you scroll down you find the reference:		> Historically Better Answer	> 	> Why you lying hound. Walloping the Dutch indeed! How does one wallop Hollanders from Tyrol? Liechtenstein's last war was the end of the German Confederation, the Austro-Prussian war of 1866. According to 'Liechtenstein: History and Institutions of the Principality," Liechtenstein-verlag AG Vaduz, 1970: Prince Johann II committed his army (all 80 of it) on July 2. Declining to participate in war between German states, the Liechtensteiners were sent to guard the Stilfser Joch (Passo Stelvio) against any opportunistic moves from Italy by Garibaldi. On July 4th the Prussians beat the Austrians at Sadowa and an armistice was signed on the 22nd. The Liechtenstein army marched home, 81 of them this time; they had been joined by a stray Austrian. With the German Confederation quashed, Liechtenstein became a fully independent state and disbanded its army in 1868.		Which as you can see cites the print book 'Liechtenstein: History and Institutions of the Principality," Liechtenstein-verlag AG Vaduz, 1970.  https://books.google.com/books/about/Liechtenstein.html?id=KUsKAQAAIAAJ>with the German Confederation quashed.		Erm, didn't they win the war? Or does he mean that they weren't successful in Tyrol?
I enjoyed your comment. I thought it was ironic and funny and silly and nice.I think you're nice.
i fucking love this subAnd we fucking love you! 
Not only German and American soldiers, but high profile French POWs who'd just been freed, including a former prime minister of France and a tennis star. Strangest battle by far. 		Edit: And Austrian resistance fighters! Don't forget the Austrian resistance fighters!
Not only German and American soldiers, but high profile French POWs who'd just been freed, including a former prime minister of France and a tennis star. Strangest battle by far. 		Edit: And Austrian resistance fighters! Not to mention that the pro tennis player offered to vault the castle wall and run through the enemy line while dodging bullets to give strategic information to the approaching American reinforcements who were on their way to save them. He succeeded unharmed and then got a gun and turned around to fight again. 
[Link to the Sabaton song for those who want to hear it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whFJGCyeRzI&app=desktop) TIL the SS was hiding in Somalia 
Wololo [Wololo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IgAVQdHJQ4)
Why?Because lots of wealthy people live there, stimulating their economy (I'm probably wrong but that's the best answer I can give without googling it
Why?Lots of reasons. People are doing the googling all around, the best i found (could be bothered finding) was a quora link. Basically, small urban population, combined with it being a tax haven, with some real economics about smaller populations and GDP being higher. I'm too high to research and explain, that's too much like comprehension
This was me last weekend. And it is not easy to go for a domination victory as China. Civ 5 and 6 really never got to me, as I was hoping it would, it just doesn't feel right...		But Victoria II and Hearts of Iron III on the other hand... Oh boy, you'd have to suplex and throw me out a window to get me to stop playing.
This was me last weekend. And it is not easy to go for a domination victory as China. You kidding? On civ v? Build high and culture for the first half of the game until you get cho's and spam them for the upgrades. Then rush military techs (easy to do if you snag the right wonders) until you are a tech ahead of your neighbors and the world becomes Swiss cheese. Just steam roll through folks 
Ah, it's always nice to see my favourite city state again.You'll pay for this in time
Yes but consider this: you can keep those things...but ALSO have Civ VI.Lol, you don't play civ right m8
Once I drove to Maastricht(NL) from Germany for a day off and on the way back I got lost as my phone(and navi) died and I accidentally wandered into Belgium. I didn't realize I was two countries over from where I should be for an hour or so.		Europe is a magical place. That's like driving from city to city in California.. 
Ah yeah, I forgot about Schengen(sorry if I misspelled that)Schengen really is great, it can't happen everywhere but it's awesome for the people where it can
I never really considered that as a possibility.  If you're talking about American states, this could happen very easily.  But if I wanted to visit another country, I have to get a passport and go through a border gate with a ton of cops and dogs etc...or fly an airplane or go on a ship.  But there are so many national borders in Europe it must be very easy to find yourself in the wrong country without even going through a checkpoint.>  But there are so many national borders in Europe it must be very easy to find yourself in the wrong country without even going through a checkpoint.		That's the thing, there are really no checkpoints inside EU (or more specifically countries of [Schengen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schengen_Area)\) anymore. You don't need a passport, on most roads, there's usually just [a sign stating you are entering a different country](http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/4926138.jpg) and if crossing outside of roads, often you'll only realize you're in a different country by getting mobile signal from a foreign carrier :-D
I never really considered that as a possibility.  If you're talking about American states, this could happen very easily.  But if I wanted to visit another country, I have to get a passport and go through a border gate with a ton of cops and dogs etc...or fly an airplane or go on a ship.  But there are so many national borders in Europe it must be very easy to find yourself in the wrong country without even going through a checkpoint.I regularly cross the Spanish border while I run. Nothing to tell me I'm on the other side! 
Punish?I'm guessing for being born in the wrong place. We don't even *think* to extend our Constitutional rights for trial to foreigners(from less wealthy locations) before we bomb supposed threats and kill innocent citizens. That seems like a really arbitrarily defined punishment, if you as me.		I'm sure this may get downvoted, too, but I'm not wrong. I don't care that people would think I am, in fact. That's already the apparent standard attitude that allows this societal bystander effect to occur.
>with the German Confederation quashed.		Erm, didn't they win the war? Or does he mean that they weren't successful in Tyrol?As far as I remember, Austria didn't want to join Prussia in forming a united Germany. After the war, Prussia formed the North German Confederation. Only in 1871 did Germany unite but this was without Austria, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg, all of which are majority German populated.
I think you're nice.And good day to you sir/madam 
And we fucking love you! And I love fucking!
Because lots of wealthy people live there, stimulating their economy (I'm probably wrong but that's the best answer I can give without googling itLol awesome it's wealthier because more wealthy people live there. I understand though I thought it was funny.
Civ 5 and 6 really never got to me, as I was hoping it would, it just doesn't feel right...		But Victoria II and Hearts of Iron III on the other hand... Oh boy, you'd have to suplex and throw me out a window to get me to stop playing.Just did a playthrough as the USSR in HOI3. I took turkey, romania, bulgaria, finland and hungary before 1941. Germany delayed barbarossa to July 1943 and when they finally invaded I had a better air force than them. They pushed me back roughly 15 miles and then it stalemated until I landed in Italy and took rome starting a new front. Then by December 1943 I had Rome, and by July 1944 I had berlin. The US also never went to europe and I successfully had Greece join my side. It was a heroic victory for Stalin
Civ 5 and 6 really never got to me, as I was hoping it would, it just doesn't feel right...		But Victoria II and Hearts of Iron III on the other hand... Oh boy, you'd have to suplex and throw me out a window to get me to stop playing.No CK 2 or Europa Universalis III in that list?
You kidding? On civ v? Build high and culture for the first half of the game until you get cho's and spam them for the upgrades. Then rush military techs (easy to do if you snag the right wonders) until you are a tech ahead of your neighbors and the world becomes Swiss cheese. Just steam roll through folks Yea double attacking archers early in the game is not compatible with "hard to win domination".  China is godtier in civ5  		Edit: and paper maker plus the generals bonus make midgame domination almost a sure bet. 
I can barely run 5 with shit graphics. Literally all that is saving me. Why is u porn alt on wholesomememes?
That's like driving from city to city in California.. In terms of distance covered, sure. In every other way, no. 		Belgium has amazing chocolate and a disdain for the French, whereas Germany has ... amazing chocolate and a disdain for the French, but in a totally different way. 
Schengen really is great, it can't happen everywhere but it's awesome for the people where it canHaha yeah, it's great isn't it? But just in case someone else in this thread doesn't know what Schengen is, could you explain?
>  But there are so many national borders in Europe it must be very easy to find yourself in the wrong country without even going through a checkpoint.		That's the thing, there are really no checkpoints inside EU (or more specifically countries of [Schengen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schengen_Area)\) anymore. You don't need a passport, on most roads, there's usually just [a sign stating you are entering a different country](http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/4926138.jpg) and if crossing outside of roads, often you'll only realize you're in a different country by getting mobile signal from a foreign carrier :-DThe Finnish city of [Tornio](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tornio) and the Swedish city of [Haparanda](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haparanda) are basically one big city that spans the border. There's even an island in the middle of the river between the two countries where the border was diverted so that the island would be entirely in Finland (otherwise, it would have been about half and half).
I'm guessing for being born in the wrong place. We don't even *think* to extend our Constitutional rights for trial to foreigners(from less wealthy locations) before we bomb supposed threats and kill innocent citizens. That seems like a really arbitrarily defined punishment, if you as me.		I'm sure this may get downvoted, too, but I'm not wrong. I don't care that people would think I am, in fact. That's already the apparent standard attitude that allows this societal bystander effect to occur.> We don't even think to extend our Constitutional rights for trial to foreigners(from less wealthy locations) before we bomb supposed threats and kill innocent citizens.		To be fair, this is called "Imperialism" and is generally frowned upon in this day in age. Sovereign nations use border to define where each others' power ends. If you start saying a nation doesn't have sovereignty because it's "less wealthy" and take its territory and people under your reach, you open up for seizing the land and resources, or subjugating the people of any nation you can call "inferior".		When modern countries bomb people in other nations, it's with the permission of said nation, or under a declaration of war with it.
And I love fucking!And my axe! 
Just did a playthrough as the USSR in HOI3. I took turkey, romania, bulgaria, finland and hungary before 1941. Germany delayed barbarossa to July 1943 and when they finally invaded I had a better air force than them. They pushed me back roughly 15 miles and then it stalemated until I landed in Italy and took rome starting a new front. Then by December 1943 I had Rome, and by July 1944 I had berlin. The US also never went to europe and I successfully had Greece join my side. It was a heroic victory for StalinIn my games USSR just gets done fucked up by Germany because of the UNITED KINGDOM NOT DOING ANYTHING!!!
Haha yeah, it's great isn't it? But just in case someone else in this thread doesn't know what Schengen is, could you explain?It's the agreement which allows for unrestricted travel between the European countries meaning no border checkpoints nor visa requirement
Haha yeah, it's great isn't it? But just in case someone else in this thread doesn't know what Schengen is, could you explain?To expand on the previous commenter's response, not all EU countries are Schengen Area members and not all Schengen Area members are in the EU. You can see a list here: 		https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schengen_Area
In my games USSR just gets done fucked up by Germany because of the UNITED KINGDOM NOT DOING ANYTHING!!!Yeah dude they lost the invasion of normandy because they did it by myself, so when I hit nuke tech in January of 1946, I put one in london 
I am seriously sorry to ask....		HOL3? Hearts of Iron 3
I am seriously sorry to ask....		HOL3? Hearts of Iron 3. It's a grand stagy game about ww2. There's also a HoI4 that came out more recently, but I still prefer the third one. More detailed and in-depth. 
Nope, don't have them[deleted]
[removed]How do you mean? All citizens of the EU have an id so yes they can just leave and travel to for example belgium without being stopped. You are supposed to carry your Id with you at all times so that's not really an issue.
