Teamwork at the gym[Watching Nascar] "Y'know if they left a little sooner they wouldn't have to drive so fast."
Teamwork at the gymThat's how you train your teamwork muscle!
Teamwork at the gymHeavily lifting is a team effort. You can always do more with spotters, even if they don't even touch the bar. 
Teamwork at the gymGreat idea! You do quads and I'll do lats.
Teamwork at the gymIt's easier if we lift it all together
Teamwork at the gymHad to check the subreddit, wasn't sure if this was /r/me_irl.
Teamwork at the gymYou know you can move those big tractor wheels a lot faster if you put them on their sides and roll them!
Teamwork at the gymYou can't spell team without meme. 
Teamwork at the gymIt's true. Spotters help you tackle more weight without the fear of hurting yourself. It's also a psychological boost as well as motivation to keep going.
[Watching Nascar] "Y'know if they left a little sooner they wouldn't have to drive so fast."[Watching football] Ya'll wouldn't have to keep chasing that ball if you stopped kicking it every time you reach it.
That's how you train your teamwork muscle!My favorite muscle, what a coincidence :)
That's how you train your teamwork muscle!never skip teamwork day!
That's how you train your teamwork muscle!There's no "I" in muscle!
Heavily lifting is a team effort. You can always do more with spotters, even if they don't even touch the bar. And if they do they can just give you that nudge of help to let you use every ounce of your strength. 
Heavily lifting is a team effort. You can always do more with spotters, even if they don't even touch the bar. I am way stronger without spotter because I know if I fail I deserve to die.
Heavily lifting is a team effort. You can always do more with spotters, even if they don't even touch the bar. Best spotter is the one who never steal your gains. 
Great idea! You do quads and I'll do lats.If someone else could do my squats, that would be great. 
It's easier if we lift it all together[deleted]
Had to check the subreddit, wasn't sure if this was /r/me_irl.This is one of those rare things that fit both subreddits.
You can't spell team without meme. Um...
[removed][removed]
[Watching football] Ya'll wouldn't have to keep chasing that ball if you stopped kicking it every time you reach it.[Bowling] this would be so much easier if we didn't stand so far away
[Watching football] Ya'll wouldn't have to keep chasing that ball if you stopped kicking it every time you reach it.I was so confused until I realized football is completely different outside America. 
Im just glad we live in a society in which everyone agrees that all people are equal regardless of sexuality or race....Where do I find this society?
Im just glad we live in a society in which everyone agrees that all people are equal regardless of sexuality or race.Speak for yourself.
My favorite muscle, what a coincidence :)Hard work makes your muscles big. 		Team work makes your heart big :)
And if they do they can just give you that nudge of help to let you use every ounce of your strength. Best workout I ever had this dude spotted me to failure. He let me do as many reps on bench as I could on my own, which I recorded as my true rep count, but then he would assist a little and keep pushing me, and I would bang out like 10 more assisted reps till I couldn't even lift my arms. Couldn't move the next day. What a bro.
I am way stronger without spotter because I know if I fail I deserve to die.A wise man once said, How can you have a killer workout if there's no risk of death?
If someone else could do my squats, that would be great. Hey friend! I'll do your squats if you work my upper back - it's lagging a bit. 
If someone else could do my squats, that would be great. Glad I'm not the only one who hate squats. I love working out but I really hate squats for whatever reason. It just isn't as fun as any other exercise.
Um...You can't spell a teum with out an um
[Bowling] this would be so much easier if we didn't stand so far away[High Jump] I could do this just as well with a step ladder. 
[Bowling] this would be so much easier if we didn't stand so far away[Rugby] this would be so much easier and less painful if we just didnt play rugby
[Bowling] this would be so much easier if we didn't stand so far awayWhy does that machine keep setting them back up?
Hard work makes your muscles big. 		Team work makes your heart big :)Your heart is a muscle. So really, teamwork gives you bigger muscles too
Hard work makes your muscles big. 		Team work makes your heart big :)The heart, is the strongest muscle -Braum. 
Best workout I ever had this dude spotted me to failure. He let me do as many reps on bench as I could on my own, which I recorded as my true rep count, but then he would assist a little and keep pushing me, and I would bang out like 10 more assisted reps till I couldn't even lift my arms. Couldn't move the next day. What a bro.I can relate to this a bit on my best run ever. I was doing a 5K and I was almost dead in the last few hundred meters and started to slow down, this guy running next to me notices and yells me not to stop that it was almost over, keeps pushing me as he goes past me, I get a final boost and we both sprint the last 200m in almost a personal dispute, being competitive I bolt as hard as I can and "beat him" in the last 20m or so, we high-fived and the whole thing felt awesome I had just done my personal best, then I got sick after stopping and vomited on the ground.
Glad I'm not the only one who hate squats. I love working out but I really hate squats for whatever reason. It just isn't as fun as any other exercise.See for me I love squats. It feels so manly to throw a multiple of my body weight on my shoulders. When I'm done I feel overcome by a primal urge to run into the forest, hunt down a deer, and fuck it.
Glad I'm not the only one who hate squats. I love working out but I really hate squats for whatever reason. It just isn't as fun as any other exercise.I used to hate squats with a passion, but once I got my form down, started stretching regularly, and saw progress in my squats, they quickly became one of my favorite exercises. I also recommend buying some weightlifting shoes as they help with getting the form down. 
[removed]BLOOD ALONE MOVES THE WHEELS OF HISTORY!
You can't spell a teum with out an umWell I* would never have been able to spell teum without u.
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
[High Jump] I could do this just as well with a step ladder. [Watching Baseball] They would get a lot more home runs if the bases weren't so far apart.
[High Jump] I could do this just as well with a step ladder. I never knew my real ladder
[Rugby] this would be so much easier and less painful if we just didnt play rugby[Watching joggers] They wouldn't be so out of breath if they just stopped running. Stop doing this to yourself!
Why does that machine keep setting them back up?It's easier to keep them down if you disable the machine. 
Your heart is a muscle. So really, teamwork gives you bigger muscles tooAn enlarged heart is something you should avoid
I can relate to this a bit on my best run ever. I was doing a 5K and I was almost dead in the last few hundred meters and started to slow down, this guy running next to me notices and yells me not to stop that it was almost over, keeps pushing me as he goes past me, I get a final boost and we both sprint the last 200m in almost a personal dispute, being competitive I bolt as hard as I can and "beat him" in the last 20m or so, we high-fived and the whole thing felt awesome I had just done my personal best, then I got sick after stopping and vomited on the ground.I had a similar thing in distance track in my sophomore year of high school. I'm not very good at running, but I joined the team because I liked it and needed to get into shape. For the distance team, the practices consisted of the instructors just letting us loose to run wherever we wanted most days. I had some friends on the team, so we ran in a group. Each day we would just run and talk, and by the end of the day we would have run a 10k. This was way farther than I thought I could run. All you need are some good friends and everything seems easier!
I can relate to this a bit on my best run ever. I was doing a 5K and I was almost dead in the last few hundred meters and started to slow down, this guy running next to me notices and yells me not to stop that it was almost over, keeps pushing me as he goes past me, I get a final boost and we both sprint the last 200m in almost a personal dispute, being competitive I bolt as hard as I can and "beat him" in the last 20m or so, we high-fived and the whole thing felt awesome I had just done my personal best, then I got sick after stopping and vomited on the ground.That's awesome!
See for me I love squats. It feels so manly to throw a multiple of my body weight on my shoulders. When I'm done I feel overcome by a primal urge to run into the forest, hunt down a deer, and fuck it.Wow I thought I was the only one who felt that way after squats
See for me I love squats. It feels so manly to throw a multiple of my body weight on my shoulders. When I'm done I feel overcome by a primal urge to run into the forest, hunt down a deer, and fuck it.Me too dude		Wait what
[Watching Baseball] They would get a lot more home runs if the bases weren't so far apart.*or* [Watching Baseball] They would all get to hit the ball more if they didn't throw it so fast.
I never knew my real ladderAnything I can do to chair you up?
It's easier to keep them down if you disable the machine. You know what bowling pins favourite band it? Chumbawamba because they get knocked down, but they get up again, you're never gonna keep me down. We should all aspire to be like bowling pins. They always get back up after being knocked down, even if they need some help along the way
An enlarged heart is something you should avoid:(
An enlarged heart is something you should avoidLow weight, high reps for your heart muscle to avoid bulking.
Wow I thought I was the only one who felt that way after squatsI can relate to the feeling but I don't do squats. 
*or* [Watching Baseball] They would all get to hit the ball more if they didn't throw it so fast.[Watching shotput] They could throw that ball a lot further if they used a trebuchet. 
*or* [Watching Baseball] They would all get to hit the ball more if they didn't throw it so fast.This is my new favourite meme. 
:(rip pupper
[Watching shotput] They could throw that ball a lot further if they used a trebuchet. [Tennis] Hey buddy, if neither of us wants the ball, why don't we just give it to the ball boy and go grab a beer?
[Watching shotput] They could throw that ball a lot further if they used a trebuchet. [Watching a marathon] We could do this a lot faster if we just drove
[Watching shotput] They could throw that ball a lot further if they used a trebuchet. Or a catapult! /s
This is my new favourite meme. How many twin sisters does Katy Perry have? There's already Zooey Deschanel, Emily Blunt and others! 
rip pupperrip pupper
Or a catapult! /sNah man, trebuchet's the way to go, Dontcha know?
rip pupperPup the ripper
Nah man, trebuchet's the way to go, Dontcha know?That was the joke but I guess people are a little too touchy about the subject. 
