The best kind of duelYou are way better than me at giving compliments! Hah! Take that!
The best kind of duelThis is wholesome, but it's also damn hilarious. 
The best kind of duelLet's start one here, because you're all really smart and nice people! 
The best kind of duelI appreciate all of you here; your kindness is greatly uplifting! 
The best kind of duelHey, I wrote that! Neat!	Thanks for sharing!  :)	If you like, you can check out A Small Fiction on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ASmallFiction). 	Also on facebook. It's easy to find.
The best kind of duelThis is like the opposite of the Monkey Island dueling mini-game.		'You fight like a dairy farmer: Very diligently, and with a good work-ethic!'
The best kind of duelAh, I see you know your complements well! Good one!
The best kind of duel[obligatory Yu-Gi-Oh!-joke]
The best kind of duelI can see the two descending a ballroom staircase already
The best kind of duelIs kindness one of The Ten Duel Commandments?
The best kind of duelWeehawken dawn. Compliments drawn. 
The best kind of duelThe best kind of duel!
The best kind of duel[Relevant] (https://youtu.be/xBUIhF40uwM) 
You are way better than me at giving compliments! Hah! Take that!I cannot possible take something which is untrue my good person, for your humble nature and ways with words are astonishing, specially considering someone so young! 
You are way better than me at giving compliments! Hah! Take that!Wonderful compliment. I suppose I've lost the duel, but in becoming your friend, I've won something far greater. 
You are way better than me at giving compliments! Hah! Take that!NICE-OFF, NICE-OFF!
This is wholesome, but it's also damn hilarious. Succinctly put, friendo! And an excellent observation!
Let's start one here, because you're all really smart and nice people! An excellent first strike! 
I appreciate all of you here; your kindness is greatly uplifting! Ahhh, so it's a fight you want. 		You make good memes!
I appreciate all of you here; your kindness is greatly uplifting! <3
Hey, I wrote that! Neat!	Thanks for sharing!  :)	If you like, you can check out A Small Fiction on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ASmallFiction). 	Also on facebook. It's easy to find.Ha! I just wrote on your Facebook page telling you about this!
[obligatory Yu-Gi-Oh!-joke]Everyone in this sub would use this [card](http://static.api3.studiobebop.net/ygo_data/card_images/Gift_Card.jpg)
[obligatory Yu-Gi-Oh!-joke]I activate my trap card Mirror Wall!
[obligatory Yu-Gi-Oh!-joke][This card is probably the most wholesome card in any card game.](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/YuJoFriendship-JUMP-EN-UR-LE.png/revision/latest?cb=20080823034038) 
I can see the two descending a ballroom staircase already"I find your dancing quite stupendous. You must have learned it from your mother, for I heard she is quiet the teacher."		"My dancing is nothing compared to your clothing. It suits your appearance rather well I dare say. It would be as if you made it to capture yourself!"		
[Relevant] (https://youtu.be/xBUIhF40uwM) That one is good, but for top-notch compliments battling you can't beat [Shuffle-T and Marlo vs anyone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9Vt3yk8mDQ)
I cannot possible take something which is untrue my good person, for your humble nature and ways with words are astonishing, specially considering someone so young! You... Uhhh... Got nice ears...
I cannot possible take something which is untrue my good person, for your humble nature and ways with words are astonishing, specially considering someone so young! Ah, but it is not a true compliment when tempered by bringing in age as a qualifier?
Succinctly put, friendo! And an excellent observation!Such an eloquent compliment! You have a way with words! Have a great week ahead, and I hope leeks stay away from you!
An excellent first strike! I like your haircut!
Ahhh, so it's a fight you want. 		You make good memes!You have an amazing amount of karma!
Ha! I just wrote on your Facebook page telling you about this!Thank you for the heads up! This is very weird!
Everyone in this sub would use this [card](http://static.api3.studiobebop.net/ygo_data/card_images/Gift_Card.jpg)If this is a real card, why on earth
You... Uhhh... Got nice ears...Thank you good sir, I must commend you on your impeccible comment. It was like beauty to the eyes, like yourself if I may add. I think you may have won this with such kindness, how can one compete?!
Ah, but it is not a true compliment when tempered by bringing in age as a qualifier?It is a technique named neging and it's a very inventive way to both give a compliment and a slight at the same time. Fantastic use of this technique, I must say. Really skillful. 
Such an eloquent compliment! You have a way with words! Have a great week ahead, and I hope leeks stay away from you!You are too kind! And thoughtful too! I wish upon you an excellent week!
I like your haircut!You have a nice smile!
You have an amazing amount of karma!I'm envious of your reflection
If this is a real card, why on earthgift card burn. you have cards on the field that switch the effect of gaining the life points so instead you would lose them.
Thank you good sir, I must commend you on your impeccible comment. It was like beauty to the eyes, like yourself if I may add. I think you may have won this with such kindness, how can one compete?!You seem to be doing a good job of it :) 
You have a nice smile!Me too thanks
You have a nice smile!You're a cool person!
You have a nice smile!You have the biggest dick out of all your brothers!
I'm envious of your reflectionI'm envious of your dog
You seem to be doing a good job of it :) Oh, but surely I cannot compete with a person of such creativity as yourself! You could inspire the Muses themselves.
Me too thanksYou did your best kiddo
You're a cool person!Oh please I've learned from the best
Oh, but surely I cannot compete with a person of such creativity as yourself! You could inspire the Muses themselves.You look good in pink
Oh, but surely I cannot compete with a person of such creativity as yourself! You could inspire the Muses themselves.Yet your mastery of the English language must prove that you are a shining muse of the world. It truly is an honor to read the writings of someone so kind and eloquent as yourself. 
Oh, but surely I cannot compete with a person of such creativity as yourself! You could inspire the Muses themselves.I love this conversation between a shy person and a scholar.	Just two guys, chatting.
You did your best kiddoYou too thanks
Oh please I've learned from the bestWho? Your mama? 
You look good in pinkI think he always look good in any colour! 
Yet your mastery of the English language must prove that you are a shining muse of the world. It truly is an honor to read the writings of someone so kind and eloquent as yourself. you write good
Yet your mastery of the English language must prove that you are a shining muse of the world. It truly is an honor to read the writings of someone so kind and eloquent as yourself. You bring joy to everywhere you fly to, thank you for spreading the beauty of a perfect world, and let's build that world together!
You too thanksI did my best kiddo
Who? Your mama? YOUR mama. Your mama is the best, that's how we got you today!
I think he always look good in any colour! After reading your comment history, I see you like soccer. I think that is a phenomenal choice, but then again, you ARE a phenomenal person, so that makes sense!
You bring joy to everywhere you fly to, thank you for spreading the beauty of a perfect world, and let's build that world together!That was incredibly sweet, thank you. I think I'll paint the phrase "Bring Joy to Everywhere You Fly" and frame it simply because it is such a nice phrase. Just wrote a note in my schedule to do so. Let's build that world together indeed!	You win this duel and are a fantastic cat.
I did my best kiddoYou are all kiddos on this blessed day.
After reading your comment history, I see you like soccer. I think that is a phenomenal choice, but then again, you ARE a phenomenal person, so that makes sense!I like your internal organs
That was incredibly sweet, thank you. I think I'll paint the phrase "Bring Joy to Everywhere You Fly" and frame it simply because it is such a nice phrase. Just wrote a note in my schedule to do so. Let's build that world together indeed!	You win this duel and are a fantastic cat.Please oh please can compliment battles be a thing? 
You are all kiddos on this blessed day.We are all blessed upon this day :)
You are all kiddos on this blessed day.Speak for yourself, gentle sir! 
