I see it everywhere now!!!Well, we haven't taken over. That would be very impolite. We have just become quite popular!
I see it everywhere now!!!I really love the fact that a large part of the Internet actually finds it genuinely enjoyable just to be nice because it's funner than arguing or acting depressed all the time. Not that there's anything super wrong with that stuff in the right context, but given it's how people on the Internet have communicated for so long, it's nice to see kindness rather than combat.
I see it everywhere now!!!It has actually been wonderful. I used to be a fairly negative person on the whole. You know, the whole 'I hate people' in general mindset. 		I'm primarily an r/all reader and ever since this sub started appearing regularly there I have had a more positive attitude and better outlook on the world. 		Thanks for that. 
I see it everywhere now!!!2010 Reddit: WTF frontpage 				2017 Reddit: Wholesome memes frontpage
I see it everywhere now!!!I have nothing clever to say here, so I'm just leaving this message here.
I see it everywhere now!!!I come to r/wholesomememes for motivation.
I see it everywhere now!!!Actually while you were asleep politics based subreddits have taken over and Trump won.
I see it everywhere now!!!I like how the wholesome memes are slowly taking over the crippling depression memes :)
I see it everywhere now!!!Someone tell me they love me please 		I love this beautiful Subreddit :')
I see it everywhere now!!!Omg this is the best post ever! Op you are amazing and i hope you have a good day. I love all of you, so wholesome!
I see it everywhere now!!!I made a special group for me and my friends on FB to post wholesome memes on, and now our depressing meme page is barely posted on at all!
I see it everywhere now!!!Reddit needed this awesomeness... A true breath of fresh air
Hello! What a nice meta post! I hope everyone is having an excellent day. I invite everyone to join us at /r/WholesomeNetwork for general discussion about this subbie and also other subreddits within the [Wholesome Network Of Subreddits.](/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)		[Thanks! I appreciate you all.](http://i.imgur.com/hbgtV4y.gifv) 			*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wholesomememes) if you have any questions or concerns.*Good job bot!
Well, we haven't taken over. That would be very impolite. We have just become quite popular!And the ripple effects of being excellent to each other is quite fun to ponder....
I really love the fact that a large part of the Internet actually finds it genuinely enjoyable just to be nice because it's funner than arguing or acting depressed all the time. Not that there's anything super wrong with that stuff in the right context, but given it's how people on the Internet have communicated for so long, it's nice to see kindness rather than combat.I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. Like, my mindset was,  	"The subreddit is full of trolls.", then,  	"The subreddit is full of clever trolls.", then,  	"The subreddit is full of trolls who have trolled *themselves* into being trolled.".		Now I'm at "I think the subreddit is full of people who are just genuinely looking for an excuse to be positive...!" But I'm afraid that, when I accept this subreddit as genuine, everyone will pop out from the behind the furniture and yell "HAHAHAHA, WE GOT YOU. YOU REALLY THINK ANYONE WANTS TO BE HAPPY ON THE INTERNET? YOU ARE SO DUMB."		...But I want to believe...
I really love the fact that a large part of the Internet actually finds it genuinely enjoyable just to be nice because it's funner than arguing or acting depressed all the time. Not that there's anything super wrong with that stuff in the right context, but given it's how people on the Internet have communicated for so long, it's nice to see kindness rather than combat.Agreed. It's just a super sweet escape from the barrage of hatred and negativity that most of us encounter everywhere else. This subreddit gives me warm and fuzzies and reminds me that there are people out there who also genuinely care about others. And makes me want to happy cry because I often forget how good people can be to one another :)
It has actually been wonderful. I used to be a fairly negative person on the whole. You know, the whole 'I hate people' in general mindset. 		I'm primarily an r/all reader and ever since this sub started appearing regularly there I have had a more positive attitude and better outlook on the world. 		Thanks for that. Go you, but you did it yourself you don't need us, you're awesome
I have nothing clever to say here, so I'm just leaving this message here.I think this pretty much sums up what you are trying to say http://i.imgur.com/0snZnUx.jpg
I have nothing clever to say here, so I'm just leaving this message here.You are loved, at least, by me :)
I have nothing clever to say here, so I'm just leaving this message here.That's pretty clever, friendo! 
I come to r/wholesomememes for motivation.This stranger believes in you
Actually while you were asleep politics based subreddits have taken over and Trump won.Wholesomememes seems like the last bastion of niceness on Reddit, it's a nice refuge from all the hate being thrown around lately. You all are lovely people!
Actually while you were asleep politics based subreddits have taken over and Trump won.Darkness cannot extinguish darkness, only light can do that. Trolling cannot extinguish trolling, only /r/wholesomememes can do that
Actually while you were asleep politics based subreddits have taken over and Trump won.Seriously though, it's usually a bad idea to get your politics from from public commenting places, specially Reddit and specially hyper-partisan subreddits like /r/politics. The most upvoted submissions will always be the most striking, and you'll end up more angry than informed whichever your political leanings are. 		I feel that this is a big lesson everyone should have learned last year. 
Actually while you were asleep politics based subreddits have taken over and Trump won.Eh, politics posts seem to be on a slight downturn lately. Like, a week, two weeks ago they'd be literally 75% of /r/all/hot/ all day long, even if the news was like, "a blogger noticed something in an old transcript". 		Still, I feel like /r/wholesomememes heyday was even earlier, like right after the election. Now we've just stabilized.
Someone tell me they love me please 		I love this beautiful Subreddit :')When life gets you down, just remember that /r/wholesomememes is standing at the ready to give you as many big, fuzzy collective hugs as you need.
Someone tell me they love me please 		I love this beautiful Subreddit :')u/bobby_The_Boob, I love you :)
Someone tell me they love me please 		I love this beautiful Subreddit :')We all love you
Someone tell me they love me please 		I love this beautiful Subreddit :')All the love in your direction!
Someone tell me they love me please 		I love this beautiful Subreddit :')We all love you man	
And the ripple effects of being excellent to each other is quite fun to ponder....I've found that being kind and respectful to everyone who crosses my path definitely has a ripple effect. Total strangers change their grumpy attitude when they see that I'm a real happy guy :) it's contagious!
I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. Like, my mindset was,  	"The subreddit is full of trolls.", then,  	"The subreddit is full of clever trolls.", then,  	"The subreddit is full of trolls who have trolled *themselves* into being trolled.".		Now I'm at "I think the subreddit is full of people who are just genuinely looking for an excuse to be positive...!" But I'm afraid that, when I accept this subreddit as genuine, everyone will pop out from the behind the furniture and yell "HAHAHAHA, WE GOT YOU. YOU REALLY THINK ANYONE WANTS TO BE HAPPY ON THE INTERNET? YOU ARE SO DUMB."		...But I want to believe...HAHAHAHA, WE GOT YOU. YOU REALLY THINK ANYONE WANTS TO BE HAPPY ON THE INTERNET? YOU ARE SO D^elightful.
I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. Like, my mindset was,  	"The subreddit is full of trolls.", then,  	"The subreddit is full of clever trolls.", then,  	"The subreddit is full of trolls who have trolled *themselves* into being trolled.".		Now I'm at "I think the subreddit is full of people who are just genuinely looking for an excuse to be positive...!" But I'm afraid that, when I accept this subreddit as genuine, everyone will pop out from the behind the furniture and yell "HAHAHAHA, WE GOT YOU. YOU REALLY THINK ANYONE WANTS TO BE HAPPY ON THE INTERNET? YOU ARE SO DUMB."		...But I want to believe...I think it's the happy equivalent of /r/circlejerk sometimes when it seems like there's a lot of *acting* nice
Go you, but you did it yourself you don't need us, you're awesomeEveryone needs some wholesome memes in their life. Quality of life +100. 		Your encouragement is fantastic. Thank you, fellow awesome person. 
I think this pretty much sums up what you are trying to say http://i.imgur.com/0snZnUx.jpgI like the cut of your jib. 
I think this pretty much sums up what you are trying to say http://i.imgur.com/0snZnUx.jpgTeamwork to a solid top comment :)
Wholesomememes seems like the last bastion of niceness on Reddit, it's a nice refuge from all the hate being thrown around lately. You all are lovely people!You're pretty lovely yourself :)
Wholesomememes seems like the last bastion of niceness on Reddit, it's a nice refuge from all the hate being thrown around lately. You all are lovely people!Yeah. I've started to unsubscribe from the news and politics subs and fill my frontpage with wholesomeness. 
Wholesomememes seems like the last bastion of niceness on Reddit, it's a nice refuge from all the hate being thrown around lately. You all are lovely people!That's why we need to spread it everywhere. They'll say we're brigading. I SAY WE MARCH TO SPREAD JOY AND HAPPINESS. DEUS VULT
I've found that being kind and respectful to everyone who crosses my path definitely has a ripple effect. Total strangers change their grumpy attitude when they see that I'm a real happy guy :) it's contagious!And it's wonderful!
I've found that being kind and respectful to everyone who crosses my path definitely has a ripple effect. Total strangers change their grumpy attitude when they see that I'm a real happy guy :) it's contagious!Yes, and not only that. I've seen a lot more wholesome posts and comments with tons of upvotes here on reddit. It was there before, but it was an exception. Now, it feels more like it's been a bit more normalized to be wholesome to each other. 		Maybe it's the Baader-Meinhoff effect, but nonetheless I'm happy because of it, and I'm probably not alone in that!
HAHAHAHA, WE GOT YOU. YOU REALLY THINK ANYONE WANTS TO BE HAPPY ON THE INTERNET? YOU ARE SO D^elightful.http://i.imgur.com/QJWbfmi.png
I think it's the happy equivalent of /r/circlejerk sometimes when it seems like there's a lot of *acting* niceAt lot of it does feel very fake and forced.  At least they're trying though.
I like the cut of your jib. I like you :) 
I like the cut of your jib. I like the cut of his hair
I like the cut of your jib. What's a jib?
You're pretty lovely yourself :)Why thank you :)
Yeah. I've started to unsubscribe from the news and politics subs and fill my frontpage with wholesomeness. Can you name a few? I have /r/reallifedoodles, /r/rarepuppers, /r/casualconversation, /r/cozyplaces, /r/contagiouslaughter, /r/happy, /r/upliftingnews, /r/howwastoday, and various art / nature subs.		[Ah, forgot the sidebar here]
That's why we need to spread it everywhere. They'll say we're brigading. I SAY WE MARCH TO SPREAD JOY AND HAPPINESS. DEUS VULTDeus Vult!!		That's 937 Deus Vults recorded! We are 7.4900080% of our Deus Vult goal to reclaim the 12,510 hectares of the Holy Land.		We will take Jerusalem!
Wait, the election or the inauguration? Has this sub really been around that long? WowOn mobile, but I think the sidebar has the history. Iirc basically it was triggered by the election turning the discourse just *so bitter*
And it's wonderful!Indeed
And it's wonderful!I've been wondering...could we somehow convince 4chan that being wholesome is ironically cool? They've progressed from being ironically Nazis to being actual Nazis. There's a group that needs cheering up.
This subreddit pisses me off every time I see it. I hate it more than words can convey. I'm sorry to hear that, honestly. Can you block a sub (I'm clueless about Reddit) or hide it so that it doesn't cause you undue stress? 
At lot of it does feel very fake and forced.  At least they're trying though.Even if it does feel forced, I always get good vibes from this place; pretending to be wholesome affects you and the world around you just as much. 
I like the cut of his hairI just got my hair cut!
What's a jib?I know this! It's a triangular sail on the front of a ship. Back in the day, from a distance, you could identify the type of ship/it's nationality (and whether it was friend or foe) by the shape of its front sails.
Deus Vult!!		That's 937 Deus Vults recorded! We are 7.4900080% of our Deus Vult goal to reclaim the 12,510 hectares of the Holy Land.		We will take Jerusalem!Let's take Reddit to a point of acceptance and mutual respect instead!		Deus Vult!
IndeedSmashing!
I've been wondering...could we somehow convince 4chan that being wholesome is ironically cool? They've progressed from being ironically Nazis to being actual Nazis. There's a group that needs cheering up.Pretty sure 4chan is a lost cause. Instead of trying to turn the tide there, maybe instead we create other wholesome communities. Like /r/wholesomeadvice or /r/wholesomedating. 
I just got my hair cut!I bet you look great!  
Let's take Reddit to a point of acceptance and mutual respect instead!		Deus Vult!NON NOBIS DOMINE!		That's 943 Deus Vults recorded! We are 7.5379696% of our Deus Vult goal to reclaim the 12,510 hectares of the Holy Land.		We will take Jerusalem!
Smashing!CATCH PHRASE!
I feel like 4chan will forever be a wretched hive of scum and villainy. Little chance of convincing them to be wholesome by accidentTo be fair, 4chan is beautiful in its chaos. There is an order to its abject hideousness. 4chan is our Ugly Boy, and I love it so much.
I bet you look great!  I *know* you do, the handsome devil! 
CATCH PHRASE!I appreciate your sense of humor!
I appreciate your sense of humor!I appreciate your username.
