Just doing their best to fit in!Reminds with of that duck with the flamingoes.
Just doing their best to fit in!GUYS I TRIED TO VERIFY THIS AND INSTEAD I FOUND A 24/7 [PUFFIN LIVESTREAM](https://youtu.be/oD8kq6xjNNo) 		They're away for the winter but THEY'LL BE BACK SOON		
Just doing their best to fit in!It looks like the puffin is like _oh geeze, I hope I'm doing this right._ 
Just doing their best to fit in!Super cute, thanks for sharing :)  BTW, you belong here :)
Just doing their best to fit in!Puffins never look real. They look Pixar animated.
Just doing their best to fit in!When I was in Iceland I went to a very nice restaurant with a prix-fixe menu. After the dinner I received a notecard listing all of the dishes I was served and one of them included smoked puffin. This post made me cry.
Just doing their best to fit in!Is that really the case or is it just coincidence? Is pretty standard bird behavior to rest with one leg up, often tucked into the feathers to conserve heat. 
Just doing their best to fit in!Looks like a penguin curtsy.
Just doing their best to fit in![deleted]
Just doing their best to fit in!He's just wanting to do an accept :)
Just doing their best to fit in!/r/Puffins :)
Just doing their best to fit in!That is so funny!
Just doing their best to fit in!This is exactly what I do when I go to a new country. I watch how others are acting in restaurants, bars, etc. and try to mimic their actions to fit in. Then, I lift one leg.	
Just doing their best to fit in!Karate Puffin was my favorite movie as a kid 
Just doing their best to fit in!I thought the left one was a really sick and fucked up Puffin before i read the post
Just doing their best to fit in!	Hey /u/Axetooth,			This is now the top post on reddit. It will be recorded at /r/topofreddit with all the other top posts.
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		Who... could possibly be being mean in a post like this?
Reminds with of that duck with the flamingoes.[this one](http://i.imgur.com/SOC4zTq.jpg)
Reminds with of that duck with the flamingoes.like [these](http://imgur.com/a/pktKL) guys?		edit: fixed to rehost on imgur, not bad site
Reminds with of that duck with the flamingoes.Good meta!
GUYS I TRIED TO VERIFY THIS AND INSTEAD I FOUND A 24/7 [PUFFIN LIVESTREAM](https://youtu.be/oD8kq6xjNNo) 		They're away for the winter but THEY'LL BE BACK SOON		There's a lot of them right now! That's so cool!
GUYS I TRIED TO VERIFY THIS AND INSTEAD I FOUND A 24/7 [PUFFIN LIVESTREAM](https://youtu.be/oD8kq6xjNNo) 		They're away for the winter but THEY'LL BE BACK SOON		Oh my goodness, they are so cute. It makes me so happy to look at - thank you.
It looks like the puffin is like _oh geeze, I hope I'm doing this right._ I don't know why, but this made me think of Jerry Gergich.
Super cute, thanks for sharing :)  BTW, you belong here :)Thanks so much! I can't think of anywhere I'd want to belong more! 
Super cute, thanks for sharing :)  BTW, you belong here :)Seriously. I saw the little dude trying to balance on one leg and was just so overwhelmed with how cute that was. 
Super cute, thanks for sharing :)  BTW, you belong here :)Do... do I belong?
Puffins never look real. They look Pixar animated.Yeah, puffins and that other crazy tall bird with the wild beak (shoebill, I think?). Both look stunning and are my favorite animals.
When I was in Iceland I went to a very nice restaurant with a prix-fixe menu. After the dinner I received a notecard listing all of the dishes I was served and one of them included smoked puffin. This post made me cry.If it makes you feel better, puffins are doing just fine in Iceland. 
When I was in Iceland I went to a very nice restaurant with a prix-fixe menu. After the dinner I received a notecard listing all of the dishes I was served and one of them included smoked puffin. This post made me cry.[No Puffin Please!](http://www.ijsland.boudewijnmercx.nl/ij-no-puffin.jpg)
When I was in Iceland I went to a very nice restaurant with a prix-fixe menu. After the dinner I received a notecard listing all of the dishes I was served and one of them included smoked puffin. This post made me cry.Honest question: How is it different to chicken or other "farm" animals?
When I was in Iceland I went to a very nice restaurant with a prix-fixe menu. After the dinner I received a notecard listing all of the dishes I was served and one of them included smoked puffin. This post made me cry.If it makes you feel any better I ate peanut butter puffin cereal as a kid growing up. The amount of poor puffins that must've been butchered for a single bowl of this delicious cereal is truly saddening. 
When I was in Iceland I went to a very nice restaurant with a prix-fixe menu. After the dinner I received a notecard listing all of the dishes I was served and one of them included smoked puffin. This post made me cry.We drove the long drive up to Latrabjarg to see them up close. We got within arms reach of very many of them! Such cute little boogers!!		It made me so sad to see them, and horses, and lambs, all over the restaurant menus. 		edit: I was trying to avoid the stupid "how do you know someone is vegetarian" trope but yes I am vegetarian.  I am not being hypocritical about the types of animals that are okay to eat. 
When I was in Iceland I went to a very nice restaurant with a prix-fixe menu. After the dinner I received a notecard listing all of the dishes I was served and one of them included smoked puffin. This post made me cry.Oh that's just terrible. Could you tell me the name and location of this restaurant so I can absolutely avoid it?
When I was in Iceland I went to a very nice restaurant with a prix-fixe menu. After the dinner I received a notecard listing all of the dishes I was served and one of them included smoked puffin. This post made me cry.Puffin is absolutely delicious. In Reykjavik, I had reindeer burger while my dad got puffin and whale blubber. Some of the most amazing foods I've ever had. 
Is that really the case or is it just coincidence? Is pretty standard bird behavior to rest with one leg up, often tucked into the feathers to conserve heat. Birds naturally stand on one leg all the time, puffins included. The rest of the story is true, but the puffin would have stood on one leg regardless.
Is that really the case or is it just coincidence? Is pretty standard bird behavior to rest with one leg up, often tucked into the feathers to conserve heat. Idk, but if you're ever in Chicagoland, at the Brookfield Zoo there's a cool macaw that will stand on one leg if you stand on one leg. He's cool.		My siblings realized this ~15 years ago and look silly visiting the macaws as 20-somethings, standing on one leg.
He's just wanting to do an accept :)r/rarepuppers is leaking... and I love it!
I thought the left one was a really sick and fucked up Puffin before i read the postSo this twist must've been really nice for you, huh?
[this one](http://i.imgur.com/SOC4zTq.jpg)Or are all the flamingos copying the duck?
[this one](http://i.imgur.com/SOC4zTq.jpg)Now I'm wondering if the flamingos standing on one leg isn't just a learned behavior and it has little to do with conserving body heat. We should raise a few flamingos isolated from others to test this theory.
[this one](http://i.imgur.com/SOC4zTq.jpg)I'm redditing on the toilet, and this picture made me laugh so hard that I pushed out a big poop. 
like [these](http://imgur.com/a/pktKL) guys?		edit: fixed to rehost on imgur, not bad site[This one](https://i.imgur.com/rb1EQys.jpg) looks like a pokemon and its evolutions.
like [these](http://imgur.com/a/pktKL) guys?		edit: fixed to rehost on imgur, not bad siteWow. That's a lot of examples. 
like [these](http://imgur.com/a/pktKL) guys?		edit: fixed to rehost on imgur, not bad siteShit website		EDIT:		Thank you for the imgur album
There's a lot of them right now! That's so cool!Not to burst your fun bubble but it's actually a rebroadcast right now... the Puffins will return SOON for spring!		There's a second camera set up for the babies too :)
I don't know why, but this made me think of Jerry Gergich.*oh geeze*
Thanks so much! I can't think of anywhere I'd want to belong more! I always wanted to be part of the cool people club in 3rd grade :(
Do... do I belong?Yes, welcome :)
Do... do I belong?Especially you! \*hugs\*
Yeah, puffins and that other crazy tall bird with the wild beak (shoebill, I think?). Both look stunning and are my favorite animals.[deleted]
If it makes you feel better, puffins are doing just fine in Iceland. They were an adorable and photogenic pest in Newfoundland when I lived there. Like classy seagulls
If it makes you feel better, puffins are doing just fine in Iceland. > The population in Iceland and Norway, which together account for 80% of the European population, decreased markedly since the early 2000s (BirdLife International 2015).		The Atlantic puffin went from Least Concern to Vulnerable in 2015. It's not yet  threatened, but the population is declining. Previously increasing populations in the UK are also in decline. Source:[IUCN](http://www.iucnredlist.org/details/22694927/0)
If it makes you feel better, puffins are doing just fine in Iceland. Not the one he ate, I guess
[No Puffin Please!](http://www.ijsland.boudewijnmercx.nl/ij-no-puffin.jpg)This was in the front door window of my house growing up and I haven't thought about it for at least 10 years. Thank you for the nostalgia <3
Honest question: How is it different to chicken or other "farm" animals?I went to the same place. Maybe it was just how it was prepared, but I found it to be oily and smoky. Maybe a little like duck, but more tender. It was really good
We drove the long drive up to Latrabjarg to see them up close. We got within arms reach of very many of them! Such cute little boogers!!		It made me so sad to see them, and horses, and lambs, all over the restaurant menus. 		edit: I was trying to avoid the stupid "how do you know someone is vegetarian" trope but yes I am vegetarian.  I am not being hypocritical about the types of animals that are okay to eat. They serve cow and pig all over the place too. I really wish more places would start moving to proper alternatives. 
Oh that's just terrible. Could you tell me the name and location of this restaurant so I can absolutely avoid it?Could be Matarkjallarinn or "Food Cellar" in Reykjavik. Btw Puffin is delish.
Oh that's just terrible. Could you tell me the name and location of this restaurant so I can absolutely avoid it?[deleted]
Puffin is absolutely delicious. In Reykjavik, I had reindeer burger while my dad got puffin and whale blubber. Some of the most amazing foods I've ever had. idk why but whale blubber sounds disgusting, also I dont think we should be eating whales.
Puffin is absolutely delicious. In Reykjavik, I had reindeer burger while my dad got puffin and whale blubber. Some of the most amazing foods I've ever had. I had a tour guide there who hypothesized that the cuter the animal, the tastier it is. To this day, puffins are still one of the tastier meats I've tried...
Puffin smoke, hm?Don't breathe this
Birds naturally stand on one leg all the time, puffins included. The rest of the story is true, but the puffin would have stood on one leg regardless.I feel like I knew this in my heart but I didn't want to believe it.		I want to be angry at you for stealing my innocence, but you are a straight shooter and I respect that. You are great.
Birds naturally stand on one leg all the time, puffins included. The rest of the story is true, but the puffin would have stood on one leg regardless.I think "might have" stood on one leg regardless. If it's something they do all the time they're more likely, true, but if they're social then I can imagine it be almost a contagious suggestion kinda thing like yawning too. 
So this twist must've been really nice for you, huh?Yup
Or are all the flamingos copying the duck?Nah, flamingos stand on one leg all the time to conserve body heat
Now I'm wondering if the flamingos standing on one leg isn't just a learned behavior and it has little to do with conserving body heat. We should raise a few flamingos isolated from others to test this theory.It's most likely both. Just becuase standing on one leg is a learned behavior doesn't mean they don't do it to conserve body heat. 
I'm redditing on the toilet, and this picture made me laugh so hard that I pushed out a big poop. Did you get a kiss from Poseidon in return?
[This one](https://i.imgur.com/rb1EQys.jpg) looks like a pokemon and its evolutions.Great find! That's adorable
Wow. That's a lot of examples. I googled "ducks with flamingos" and that was the first result.
Shit website		EDIT:		Thank you for the imgur albumsorry about that, fixed now
Shit website		EDIT:		Thank you for the imgur albumCalm down there, this is r/wholesomememes and I'm sure that site wasn't great but they commented to show us some fantastic ducks anyway possible and I appreciate their effort
Shit website		EDIT:		Thank you for the imgur albumCan confirm. It's garbage, at least on mobile
Not to burst your fun bubble but it's actually a rebroadcast right now... the Puffins will return SOON for spring!		There's a second camera set up for the babies too :)Aw shucks. Well, I saw puffins, doesn't matter if they're not live.		Puffins. Even their name sounds fun.
*oh geeze*Dammit Jerry!
I always wanted to be part of the cool people club in 3rd grade :(Well guess what, you can be part of the cool people club as a grown-up, and that club is way better than the cool kids club in the third grade.
They were an adorable and photogenic pest in Newfoundland when I lived there. Like classy seagullsThey really are classy birds. They're social, nice to other bird species, take very good care of their chicks, and even mate for life.
I went to the same place. Maybe it was just how it was prepared, but I found it to be oily and smoky. Maybe a little like duck, but more tender. It was really goodI think they may have meant ethically.
They serve cow and pig all over the place too. I really wish more places would start moving to proper alternatives. I'm with you for different reasons.  I cringe when people treat animals differently based on whether they're cute which is why I'm ok with cats and horses showing up on menus.		At least be consistent.  I respect your choices.
idk why but whale blubber sounds disgusting, also I dont think we should be eating whales.No reason not to. They're nowhere near endangered.  	Edit: It saddens me that people are so ignorant about whaling in northern Europe. Mink whales are the only type of whales being hunted, which there are buttloads of. If you disagree with eating them you might as well stay away from all fish.. Or animals for that matter. 
I feel like I knew this in my heart but I didn't want to believe it.		I want to be angry at you for stealing my innocence, but you are a straight shooter and I respect that. You are great.If every dimension exists, there's one in which this is true, if that helps. There's even a dimension where this little puffin falls in love with one of the decoys, and then it magically comes to life and they have little puffinettes of their own. 
I think "might have" stood on one leg regardless. If it's something they do all the time they're more likely, true, but if they're social then I can imagine it be almost a contagious suggestion kinda thing like yawning too. Definitely a social thing. My last pair of budgies were really close and I got to observe their mutual antics all the time! Theyd watch one another and preen the same side of their wings at the same time, shake off the same time, eat the same foods, bathe, etc, as a pair. Mirror neurons are cool as hell. I'd def believe that a bird is trying to befriend another they'd be comfortable copying position and acitivity.
Where did the raised ones go??I can't remember the results of any banding. But after they fledge, puffins spend years at sea. There was one small colony of puffins still extant in Maine at the time on an island near a lighthouse, but only because of human intervention. I believe at least one of the transplanted puffins was seen there before Egg Rock was finally recolonized.		If you search for Steve Kress you'll find the whole story. I volunteered one summer at the Hog Island Audubon camp but that was a few years ago so my memory is spotty.
How did you know?!Because icanhascheezburger 2.0
YupCool :)
Nah, flamingos stand on one leg all the time to conserve body heatBut maybe they were taught by this duck, and the idea just spread around because it was useful. 
Nah, flamingos stand on one leg all the time to conserve body heatTheir little spindly legs don't look strong enough to support them. Funny little creatures. 
Nah, flamingos stand on one leg all the time to conserve body heatAccording to whatever zoo I went to last, it's not known for sure why they do this, but the best theory is temperature regulation. So sometimes they have both legs in the water and sometimes just one.		When I'm too hot for the covers but too cold for no covers, I put one leg under and one leg over and I call it flamingoing.
Nah, flamingos stand on one leg all the time to conserve body heatI'm pretty sure they stand on one leg because if they didn't, they'd fall over.
Nah, flamingos stand on one leg all the time to conserve body heatWhy not stand on no legs?
Nah, flamingos stand on one leg all the time to conserve body heatThey stand on one leg so that if the water they're standing in is stuck by lightning they won't be electrocuted.  
Nah, flamingos stand on one leg all the time to conserve body heatducks stand on one leg too... in fact a lot of birds do.  My parakeet is sleeping with one leg up in the cage beside me	
This isn't going to be another dolphin experiment, is it?No, a flamingo experiment. It's a common mistake as they are both roundish and have pointy faces. Don't take it too hard on yourself. 
Did you get a kiss from Poseidon in return?... You don't lay down a safety square before to break the surface tension?
Calm down there, this is r/wholesomememes and I'm sure that site wasn't great but they commented to show us some fantastic ducks anyway possible and I appreciate their effortApparently there were some gross ads on the site but I didn't see them thanks to adblock. So I took twenty seconds out of my day to protect others from The Toe Torment
Can confirm. It's garbage, at least on mobileI go there for bird antics, I get an ad with a giant fungus-infected toenail? I don't mean to get vulgar on such a nice subreddit, but to heck with that link.
Dammit Jerry!You mean Gary?
Well guess what, you can be part of the cool people club as a grown-up, and that club is way better than the cool kids club in the third grade.When I was in 3rd grade I was invited to the pen 15 club. I wanted to be cool so of course I joined!.. Then they wrote "PEN15" on my arm. But their joke back fired because I am a boy and am happy to be in that club. 
Well guess what, you can be part of the cool people club as a grown-up, and that club is way better than the cool kids club in the third grade.Adult cool people club serves beer.
Toucans are terrifying. What if it tried to eat you with that huge beak? They mainly eat fruit, but in theory are omnivores. 		Still, the beak is not dangerous at all. While huge, it's also very light and their bite is really weak (your average budgie probably has a stronger bite).		A toucan owner made a post on reddit some time ago and I did some research. Apparently they make great pets, as they are really social and not aggressive at all. But they are also extremly expensive and a lot of work, because they are very smart and social and also need a lot of space and fresh, exotic fruit.
They really are classy birds. They're social, nice to other bird species, take very good care of their chicks, and even mate for life.See the Irish cartoon Puffin Rock on Netflix for even more puffin wholesomeness!		(Thanks to a previous reddit post I feel obliged to add that, no really, that's not a euphemism. It really is about a family of puffins and their adventures and it's extremely adorable.)
They really are classy birds. They're social, nice to other bird species, take very good care of their chicks, and even mate for life.so what you're saying is the dude above ate some puffin's soul mate
They really are classy birds. They're social, nice to other bird species, take very good care of their chicks, and even mate for life.Can they be the official bird of wholesome memes?
They really are classy birds. They're social, nice to other bird species, take very good care of their chicks, and even mate for life.You just made it worse.  He ate someone's wife.
I think they may have meant ethically.Ethnically, New Foundland
I'm with you for different reasons.  I cringe when people treat animals differently based on whether they're cute which is why I'm ok with cats and horses showing up on menus.		At least be consistent.  I respect your choices.Definitely. I eat meat and I think its hyprocritical to be 'shocked' about cute animals on the menu. Cows and pigs are damn cute as well, if you ever met one! And even if they weren't, they're animals just the same.
No reason not to. They're nowhere near endangered.  	Edit: It saddens me that people are so ignorant about whaling in northern Europe. Mink whales are the only type of whales being hunted, which there are buttloads of. If you disagree with eating them you might as well stay away from all fish.. Or animals for that matter. Most species of whales are actually endangered, so there's definitely a reason not to eat them. 
Your tour guide has probably never tried squirrel, then.Not sure, but he said he couldn't wait to try kitten goulash 
If every dimension exists, there's one in which this is true, if that helps. There's even a dimension where this little puffin falls in love with one of the decoys, and then it magically comes to life and they have little puffinettes of their own. thank u
If every dimension exists, there's one in which this is true, if that helps. There's even a dimension where this little puffin falls in love with one of the decoys, and then it magically comes to life and they have little puffinettes of their own. Thanks for that, weirdly comforting to know there might be a other dimension me that's doing alright. You go other me!
If every dimension exists, there's one in which this is true, if that helps. There's even a dimension where this little puffin falls in love with one of the decoys, and then it magically comes to life and they have little puffinettes of their own. I don't want to be the next guy, but infinite dimensions existing doesn't mean *every* dimension exists. But maybe yours is a different theory! Every Dimension Theory. or Magic Puffin Theory. I like that.
But maybe they were taught by this duck, and the idea just spread around because it was useful. Now *that's* a mutual symbiotic relationship.
But maybe they were taught by this duck, and the idea just spread around because it was useful. This is my new belief. 
Their little spindly legs don't look strong enough to support them. Funny little creatures. They look bigger/heavier than they really are, they're actually incredibly light. 
Why not stand on no legs?That's called flying, silly
They stand on one leg so that if the water they're standing in is stuck by lightning they won't be electrocuted.  Ken M., is that you?
They stand on one leg so that if the water they're standing in is stuck by lightning they won't be electrocuted.  Not true. They alternate leg so that it would not rot in water for being soaked too long.
ducks stand on one leg too... in fact a lot of birds do.  My parakeet is sleeping with one leg up in the cage beside me	> one leg up		But the puffins have one leg *down*. Totally different thing.
... You don't lay down a safety square before to break the surface tension?I like to live dangerously.
... You don't lay down a safety square before to break the surface tension?Wait what? Is this really a thing people do? 
I go there for bird antics, I get an ad with a giant fungus-infected toenail? I don't mean to get vulgar on such a nice subreddit, but to heck with that link.terribly sorry, I've got adblock so I didn't see the ads.		On imgur now
You mean Gary?Wait, we aren't talking about Larry?
When I was in 3rd grade I was invited to the pen 15 club. I wanted to be cool so of course I joined!.. Then they wrote "PEN15" on my arm. But their joke back fired because I am a boy and am happy to be in that club. When I was a kid I joined the No Soap, Radio club. It was great being a dirty ham.
Adult cool people club serves beer.They also have chapter meetings in everyone's living room, every night. Occasionally there's low attendance, but it's nice to belong.
You just made it worse.  He ate someone's wife.Or husband! Let's not assume genders here!
Wat[Minke whales](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_minke_whale) are not endangered, and listed as of least concern. They are the whales the Scandinavian countries that still hunt whales catch. 		While I'm not going to say if it's right or wrong, let's not pretend they're killing off the last of the population. Unlike most whaling countries, Scandinavian countries are trying to keep whaling sustainable and have pretty strict rules on it for their whalers		
Thanks for that, weirdly comforting to know there might be a other dimension me that's doing alright. You go other me!Meanwhile in our dimension, I'm rooting for you! I hope whatever it is that troubles you finds resolution. 
Now *that's* a mutual symbiotic relationship."M-m-m-my word, it is *cold* this time of year. Isn't it cold? It f-f-f-feels really cold. It's not usually this c-c-c-cold, right?"		"It's cuz you gots dem big long legs."		"P-p-p-p-pardon me, Duck? I couldn't hear you over my own beak chattering."		"I sez, you gots dem big long legs. You gots too much leg. Me, I gots real little legs, and I never gets cold."		"...well, that's...interesting information, Duck. How would you propose we solve *our* issue, though?"		"Have less legs. Just, like...you gotta pull dat leg up."		"...pull our...leg...up."		"Yeh. Like dis."		"...my god. REGINALD! REGINALD, COME HERE! I BELIEVE THIS YOUNG AVIAN HAS SOLVED OUR FRIGIDITY CONUNDRUM!"		*Nature finds a way.*
They look bigger/heavier than they really are, they're actually incredibly light. Pink stick-legged floofs. 
They look bigger/heavier than they really are, they're actually incredibly light. That's because they are a kilogram of feathers it's not like they are a kilogram of steel or something 
Wait what? Is this really a thing people do? It is! Try it! It's fantastic!
terribly sorry, I've got adblock so I didn't see the ads.		On imgur nowHeckin good rehost.
Wait, we aren't talking about Larry?Dammit Terry!
When I was a kid I joined the No Soap, Radio club. It was great being a dirty ham.I was in the Boy's Club. We had a girl in the group. We were progressive. 
When I was a kid I joined the No Soap, Radio club. It was great being a dirty ham.No soap radio?
They also have chapter meetings in everyone's living room, every night. Occasionally there's low attendance, but it's nice to belong.I like when we meet on my porch. and by we I mean me.
Pigs were one of the animals that made me realize my hypocrisy.  I've seen so many cute pigs.Not just cute, smart as hell. I've seen a couple pigs as pets and they really are on another level. Imo people don't feel bad eating bacon they shouldn't feel bad eating another intelligent animal.
Meanwhile in our dimension, I'm rooting for you! I hope whatever it is that troubles you finds resolution. Thanks buddy! In the dimension where we're both puffins just chilling, we just high-fived.
"M-m-m-my word, it is *cold* this time of year. Isn't it cold? It f-f-f-feels really cold. It's not usually this c-c-c-cold, right?"		"It's cuz you gots dem big long legs."		"P-p-p-p-pardon me, Duck? I couldn't hear you over my own beak chattering."		"I sez, you gots dem big long legs. You gots too much leg. Me, I gots real little legs, and I never gets cold."		"...well, that's...interesting information, Duck. How would you propose we solve *our* issue, though?"		"Have less legs. Just, like...you gotta pull dat leg up."		"...pull our...leg...up."		"Yeh. Like dis."		"...my god. REGINALD! REGINALD, COME HERE! I BELIEVE THIS YOUNG AVIAN HAS SOLVED OUR FRIGIDITY CONUNDRUM!"		*Nature finds a way.*[Read it like Mrs. Bennet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_yPJEHF7o0)		Good start to the morning. Reginald is a great name for a flamingo.
That's because they are a kilogram of feathers it's not like they are a kilogram of steel or something But...its still just a kilogram ^is ^this ^^a ^^joke 
Heckin good rehost.It's the least I could do for submitting you to The Toenail Torment
I was in the Boy's Club. We had a girl in the group. We were progressive. I was in the girls club. We were misgendered. I was in the boys club.
No soap radio?The elephant and the hippopotamus were taking a bath. And the elephant said to the hippo, 'Please pass the soap.' The hippo replied, 'No soap, radio.'		
But...its still just a kilogram ^is ^this ^^a ^^joke You've never heard that puzzle before?		He was probably referencing this sketch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ris5lVssz8
It's the least I could do for submitting you to The Toenail TormentTerribly Traumatized by Toenal Torment 
The elephant and the hippopotamus were taking a bath. And the elephant said to the hippo, 'Please pass the soap.' The hippo replied, 'No soap, radio.'		I still don't get it 
The elephant and the hippopotamus were taking a bath. And the elephant said to the hippo, 'Please pass the soap.' The hippo replied, 'No soap, radio.'		I was part of the No Soap, Radio club at my school too!		Man, that joke never gets old.
I still don't get it It's a famous anti-joke.		[No soap radio](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_soap_radio)		In this case, it's also a clever name for a ham radio (amateur radio) club. I was a radio ham myself, but was priced out of the hobby, sadly.
I still don't get it This guy has a room in a boarding house. He wants to take a shower and yells downstairs to the landlady, "There's no soap." To which she replies "No soap, radio." 			These kill me 
you're welcome on my porch. just call first, cool?Thank you! Absolutely! I wish I could say the same for my shower, but space is limited. There's an after-shower meeting meeting downstairs in the kitchen that you're always welcome at. Food is served, usually oatmeal. 
