PocatmonWhat a cute kitty. 5 more hours before I can go home and see my cat. :(  	Edit: Cat has received love, all is well. 
PocatmonIt looks so content with the rock sitting on its belly
PocatmonStep 1: Show any object to cat.		Step 2: \*sniff\*
PocatmonWhat rock is that
PocatmonTo get Umbreon, you need to raise happiness and level at night, not use a moonstone during the day.
PocatmonHi from r/all! Can I get an ELI42 on this?
Pocatmondouble awwwww
PocatmonI use r/wholesomememes to make my daughter laugh. She thinks I'm funny. 
PocatmonLegendaries don't evolve
PocatmonMore like; she ate legendary
PocatmonLegendary pokemon don't evolve.
What a cute kitty. 5 more hours before I can go home and see my cat. :(  	Edit: Cat has received love, all is well. Hang in there! I believe in you!
What a cute kitty. 5 more hours before I can go home and see my cat. :(  	Edit: Cat has received love, all is well. I bet she's telling herself it;s only "5 more hours until I can see my human!"
What a cute kitty. 5 more hours before I can go home and see my cat. :(  	Edit: Cat has received love, all is well. Here's mine in the meantime, to help you go through the day :)		http://i.imgur.com/s0cXdc6.jpg
What a cute kitty. 5 more hours before I can go home and see my cat. :(  	Edit: Cat has received love, all is well. few more years before I can buy a home and own a cat :(
It looks so content with the rock sitting on its bellyShe knows her fur will be sparkly forever now	There's no washing that off
It looks so content with the rock sitting on its bellyIt's a good rock 
Step 1: Show any object to cat.		Step 2: \*sniff\*I regularly take my cat on sniff tours, holding him up to things he can't normally reach so he can sniff them. I like to think we're bonding. 
Step 1: Show any object to cat.		Step 2: \*sniff\*Step 3: ????	Step 4: Profit
Step 1: Show any object to cat.		Step 2: \*sniff\*But if you hold something up and say "Can you sniff this for me, they look at you like you're an idiot while they sniff it. 
What rock is thatIt's actually a cat, not a rock.
What rock is thatTitanium oxide coated quartz. It's basically a baked on paint. 		Gemmology student, so I should also mention it is impossible to identify a gemstone by a picture... that said... 99% sure.
What rock is thatMoonstone
To get Umbreon, you need to raise happiness and level at night, not use a moonstone during the day.But she already has maximum happiness.
Hi from r/all! Can I get an ELI42 on this?This is a reference to Pokemon.  In many of the Pokemon video games, exposing certain Pokemon to different stones causes them to turn into a more advanced or more powerful form.  The person in the original post is trying to evolve their cat by exposing it to a shiny rock, but the reply wholesomely suggests the reason it's not working is because the cat's already pretty much in its best form.  Silly little gag, good for a grin, and totally ruined by explanation, but there you go :)
I use r/wholesomememes to make my daughter laugh. She thinks I'm funny. you are funny 
I use r/wholesomememes to make my daughter laugh. She thinks I'm funny. What a great idea, glad you are part of us :)
Legendaries don't evolveThat's the point?
Legendaries don't evolveCosmog > Cosmoem > Lunala (Moon) Solgaleo (Sun). Manaphy and Phione kinda but they don't evolve for some reason...		Oh yeah, forgot about Silvally. 			
Legendary pokemon don't evolve.New ones do :p
Hang in there! I believe in you!Can I believe in you too if I may?
I bet she's telling herself it;s only "5 more hours until I can see my human!"I like to think my cat thinks like this cause she acts all excited and cuddly whenever I come home from work.
Here's mine in the meantime, to help you go through the day :)		http://i.imgur.com/s0cXdc6.jpgPat your napping cat for me.
Here's mine in the meantime, to help you go through the day :)		http://i.imgur.com/s0cXdc6.jpgwoodcutting level?
Here's mine in the meantime, to help you go through the day :)		http://i.imgur.com/s0cXdc6.jpg/r/blep :)
She knows her fur will be sparkly forever now	There's no washing that off[deleted]
It's a good rock They're all good rocks, Bront. 
I regularly take my cat on sniff tours, holding him up to things he can't normally reach so he can sniff them. I like to think we're bonding. I'm so glad other people do this. And he gets so excited when he can see over shelves or see things from a new perspective! 
I regularly take my cat on sniff tours, holding him up to things he can't normally reach so he can sniff them. I like to think we're bonding. OMG I do the same thing! He'll meows sometimes and ask to see something. Just wants to give it a sniff and a face rub.
I regularly take my cat on sniff tours, holding him up to things he can't normally reach so he can sniff them. I like to think we're bonding. Ha! "Sniff tours" put a massive grin on my face, thanks! 
Step 3: ????	Step 4: ProfitStep 3: Sell as Lakefront property
It's actually a cat, not a rock.Something something switcharoo
It's actually a cat, not a rock.I don't have anything relevant to say, but I wanted you to know that your comment made me laugh a lot
It's actually a cat, not a rock.Ah the ole Reddit rock-a-roo  		(someone pls do it for me I'm on mobile/lazy)
MoonstoneMore likely Titanium coated Quartz.
But she already has maximum happiness.Damn, like who wants an Espeon?
This is a reference to Pokemon.  In many of the Pokemon video games, exposing certain Pokemon to different stones causes them to turn into a more advanced or more powerful form.  The person in the original post is trying to evolve their cat by exposing it to a shiny rock, but the reply wholesomely suggests the reason it's not working is because the cat's already pretty much in its best form.  Silly little gag, good for a grin, and totally ruined by explanation, but there you go :)Not ruined by explanation, you are actually allowing more people the ability to enjoy this wholesome post! Thanks mate :)
That's the point?I think /u/Ruinscaper might have been adding some context for those who are less familiar with Pokemon evolution. Very considerate.
That's the point?Saying it's "already legendary" implies that's a status you can reach through evolution. 		Yes, it's nitpicky.
That's the point?Nothing evolves into a legendary lol
Mega Rayquaza.Mega evolution isn't the same as normal evolution. 
Can I believe in you too if I may?Believe in me, who believes in YOU! 
I like to think my cat thinks like this cause she acts all excited and cuddly whenever I come home from work.Oh, my cat is always excited when I get home, but I can tell from the stretching he's been asleep all day! 
Pat your napping cat for me.I just did! I don't want to be too close today though since I'm sick :l		But don't worry, I patted him and told him it was from /u/Spicyartichoke 		We should have that as a subreddit, where people post their pets and others can tell them to pet them in their stead, and the people who posted the picture do it.		Edit: and happy cake day!
woodcutting level?70.
Step 3: Sell as Lakefront property^^^^^^It's ^^^^^^free ^^^^^^real ^^^^^^estate
Ah the ole Reddit rock-a-roo  		(someone pls do it for me I'm on mobile/lazy)Hold my quartz, I'm going in
More likely Titanium coated Quartz.I thought it was a moonstone from Pokemon, but you might be right
Damn, like who wants an Espeon?I loved my Espeon :(
I think /u/Ruinscaper might have been adding some context for those who are less familiar with Pokemon evolution. Very considerate.By saying, "she already legendary", doritdew was implying that pokemon can evolve into legendaries, but this cat isn't evolving because it is already a legendary. I think /u/Ruinscaper was saying that doritdew's statement was illogical because nothing can evolve into legendaries besides the whole cosmog tree. I don't doubt that the cat in the picture is a legendary cat, (pretty much all cats are), but it would make more sense for doritdew to say, "Because she is a legendary" instead. Alternatively saying, "She has reached her final evolutionary form" would also make sense.
Nothing evolves into a legendary lolCosmoem.
Nothing evolves into a legendary lolWell...Yes actually. Solgaleo  and Lunala are evolved legendaries, remember.		*Edit*: And Silvally depending on who you ask.
Nothing evolves into a legendary lol**EVEN THOUGH YOUR WRONG AND BEING DOWNVOTED I UPDOOTED YOU BECAUSE NO ONE SHOULD HAVE DOWNVOTES ON /R/WHOLESOMEMEMES.**
Mega evolution isn't the same as normal evolution. Cosmog -> Cosmoem. 	Since you wanna get technical.
Believe in me, who believes in YOU! GURREN..... LAGAAAAAN
Believe in me, who believes in YOU! Don't believe in the me who believes in you, believe in the *YOU* that believes in you.
Oh, my cat is always excited when I get home, but I can tell from the stretching he's been asleep all day! It's so damn cute!! Or when I turn on the lights when I walk in (even if it's still mostly daylight out), both of my girls are super squinty when greeting me. My favorite is when Kitty's welcome meows turn into yawns! 
70.nice
70.nice
What is the sound effect for sparkles?Chimes, in my head at least
What is the sound effect for sparkles?#SISSYTHATWALK
Hold my quartz, I'm going inBut...		There's no where to go
I loved my Espeon :(Lol I kid. All Eeveelutions are adorable.
Cosmoem.Who, along with cosmog, could be considered a legendary based on the fact that not only is there only one in the game, but it can't breed, much like the legendaries in past games.
GURREN..... LAGAAAAANELI5 please!
It's so damn cute!! Or when I turn on the lights when I walk in (even if it's still mostly daylight out), both of my girls are super squinty when greeting me. My favorite is when Kitty's welcome meows turn into yawns! If they blink at you it means they're really at ease around you.   Just FYI.
Great idea! 		What should we call it?/r/patsforpets
I tell my friends this all the time when they send me their cat pics. Please dispense 5 pets on my behalf. Thank you.Ok, done!		Edit: [here's](http://imgur.com/1aNW6fe) proof :)
But...		There's no where to goExcept for face-first into the comment...				Hold my beer, I'm running in. 
Lol I kid. All Eeveelutions are adorable.It's been... 17? years since I started playing Pokmon and not once have I heard of Eeveelutions. My day has been made. 
Who, along with cosmog, could be considered a legendary based on the fact that not only is there only one in the game, but it can't breed, much like the legendaries in past games.Manaphy can breed 
I played older pokemon I have no idea what you're talking aboutCool story,
I played older pokemon I have no idea what you're talking aboutPokemon Sun and Moon, the new games, gave the legendary a 2 stage pre-evoloution. It's the main pokemon of a side character throughout the plot and you get one for yourself in the post game. It's neater than I'm making it sound.
I played older pokemon I have no idea what you're talking about^^^found ^^^the ^^^genwunner
ELI5 please!Quote from an anime, Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann (TTGL), known for its inspirational speeches and displays of MANLY SPIRIT!
ELI5 please!It's a reference to an anime called Gurren Lagaan. One of the most well known lines in the series is "Believe in the me who believes in you!"
ELI5 please!As others have said. I would strongly recommend watching it.   You can find it on crunchyroll for free. Shows humanity's strength to persevere against all odds. It's also extremely over the top and equally silly and epic in its fight scenes.
If they blink at you it means they're really at ease around you.   Just FYI.Is that true? I could almost take it as sarcasm, but i just adopted a street cat and she does this all the time, it would be cool if that was a sign of trust. 
/r/patsforpetsOooo yes! How about /r/Pet4Pet?
It's been... 17? years since I started playing Pokmon and not once have I heard of Eeveelutions. My day has been made. You been living under a moonstone?
Sure, but Flameon still is a shitty pokemonMy favourite is Watereon
Sure, but Flameon still is a shitty pokemonDon't diss my fluffy portable heater!
Sure, but Flameon still is a shitty pokemonNot sure if you were downvoted for not being wholesome or downvoted for getting Flareon's name wrong...
Manaphy can breed Eh. Manaphy is weird. Apparently rules could not keep it from getting down with a gross purple blob.
It's a reference to an anime called Gurren Lagaan. One of the most well known lines in the series is "Believe in the me who believes in you!"#YOURS IS THE DRILL THAT WILL PIERCE THE HEAVENS
Is that true? I could almost take it as sarcasm, but i just adopted a street cat and she does this all the time, it would be cool if that was a sign of trust. It's very true!! It's a huge sign of trust that they can have their eyes closed around you! 		Also try slow blinking back! It's you using their way to communicate! 
Oooo yes! How about /r/Pet4Pet?That is going to quickly turn into a dating site for furries.
My favourite is WatereonNah, Electricityeon is the best.
Eh. Manaphy is weird. Apparently rules could not keep it from getting down with a gross purple blob.Yeah, I have no idea *why* they chose to let it breed into something that can't evolve into it, but who knows 
#YOURS IS THE DRILL THAT WILL PIERCE THE HEAVENS"HOW CAN THIS BE? WHERE ARE YOU DRAWING ALL THIS POWER FROM?"		"WE EVOLVE, BEYOND THE PERSON WE WERE A MINUTE BEFORE. LITTLE BY LITTLE, WE ADVANCE A BIT FURTHER WITH EACH TURN. THAT'S HOW A DRILL WORKS."		"THAT IS THE PATH THAT LEADS TO EXTINCTION. WHY CAN'T YOU SEE THE PATHETIC LIMITATION OF THE SPIRAL RACE?"		"NO, THAT'S YOUR LIMITATION! YOU SIT HERE CLOSED OFF, LOCKING AWAY OTHER LIFEFORMS LIKE SOME KIND OF KING. THAT'S NOBODY'S LIMITATION BUT YOUR OWN!"		"HE'S RIGHT, WE HUMANS USED TO HAVE SOMEBODY MUCH GREATER THAN US! FOR HIS SAKE ALONE, WE'LL KEEP ON MOVING FORWARD!"		"I'VE STAKED EVERYTHING! I MAKE GOOD USE OF THE HUMAN SPIRIT TOO!"		"MARK MY WORDS, THIS DRILL WILL OPEN A HOLE IN THE UNIVERSE. AND THAT HOLE WILL BE A PATH FOR THOSE BEHIND US. THE DREAMS OF THOSE WHO'VE FALLEN, THE HOPES OF THOSE WHO WILL FOLLOW. THOSE TWO SETS OF DREAMS WEAVED TOGETHER INTO A DOUBLE HELIX, DRILLING A PATH TOWARDS TOMORROW. AND THAT'S TENGEN TOPPA. THAT'S GURREN LAGANN. MY DRILL IS THE DRILL THAT CREATES THE HEAVENS!"
It's very true!! It's a huge sign of trust that they can have their eyes closed around you! 		Also try slow blinking back! It's you using their way to communicate! I'm so happy I learned this today i love this sub!
You mean Vaporeon?Watermelon
You mean Vaporeon?"Flameon"
