Partners in crimeI hope there are many more years of doing "hard time" together.
Partners in crimeI was $100% sure I was in a different sub at first. 
Partners in crimeAww that reminds me of a music review I saw		http://i.imgur.com/7W3oqQY.png
Partners in crimeThought the ring was stolen and he made her an accomplice before I realized the sub
Partners in crimeFun fact: Your partner cannot be forced to testify against you in court.		That won't come up, though.		(IDK, I just wanted to share that little thing because the title made me think of it.)
Partners in crimeAwwwwwww that is the cutest meeting story in the world. :3
Partners in crimeAWWWWWWW, i cant
Partners in crimeThe lesson here: girls love corny dudes. Don't be afraid to be corny
Partners in crimeI teach a criminology unit to third year undergrads - their major assignment is a group presentation. 		I can't wait to spring this on them tomorrow. One day my students will appreciate my puns. 
Partners in crimehi! if anyone was wondering what they look like, the girl posted a picture on her blog! https://sarahkeilman94.tumblr.com/post/78885382366 		cute couple :- ]]		edit: imgur mirror http://i.imgur.com/iixR6YQ.jpg
Partners in crimeI'm not crying, you're crying!
Partners in crimeThat's adorable 
Partners in crimeTHIS MAKES ME FEEL BOTH HAPPY AND SAD PLS HELP
Partners in crimeAnd if you guys have kids you know he'll be a good father, because he's already got the dad joking down.  
Partners in crimethis is the cutest thing I've seen since that little girl and her robot
Partners in crimeguys i think this might be the most wholesome post in the history of the internet
Partners in crimeThat's cute. I like being married it's fun. Like right now I'm drinking beer alone in the kitchen making hash browns at 10:30 at night and everyone is asleep. I feel like a king wandering the corridors of his castle gnawing on a turkey leg with a tankard of ale. 		But it's Kirkland double bock instead. 
Partners in crimeI've been with my bf for 6 years, still no ring :(
Partners in crimeDamn, every single day it's like my mistakes keep getting beaten into me more and more.		I've only had one girlfriend. I'm not too popular with the opposite sex, but whatever. I gave up on that stuff years ago. Too much effort.		But with her I was actually happy. I'm a huge Batman fan, and early on in our relationship she bought us matching "Partners in Crime" Batman bracelets. I'm not a bracelet guy by any means, but it was sweet. I wore it every day religiously, even if we weren't gonna see each other.		I worked my ass off that year to graduate - packed three years of school into four months of online classes. I was exhausted and at the end of my rope. And then she didn't want to go to my graduation, after all that work. So I left. I didn't even say anything. I ghosted her. Didn't talk to her for years. I felt justified.		I texted her on New Years to apologize for leaving. She's not even mad. She forgave me. She's wanted me to come back ever since. I came back two months too late, though. She's with somebody else now. More successful than I'll probably ever be, at the rate I'm going. Even being my shittiest and most petty she forgave me. I should have just talked to her about it.		Sorry guys. Just kinda got triggered by this and needed to vent. Been happening too much recently.
Partners in crimeDammit who's cutting up onions!!?
Partners in crimeOut here repping for the CJ majors! 
Partners in crimeSadly I lost my partner in crime. 
Partners in crimeStep 1: Be Attractive		Not going to say anything else as it would be against sub rules, but this is more depressing than anything.
Partners in crimehow many carats is that diamond?		So dunno why I'm being downvoted...That was  and is 100% a sincere question...Just wanted to know what size the diamond in the picture is 
Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		Upvoted. You don't get enough karma for all of your hard work, WholesomeBot
I hope there are many more years of doing "hard time" together.Ayyyyyyyy
I hope there are many more years of doing "hard time" together.I'm sure they have a few handcuffs...for work of course 
I hope there are many more years of doing "hard time" together.underrated	Edit: Thats a little more like it
I was $100% sure I was in a different sub at first. I almost commented as if I was in that sub until i saw everyone being nice and checked where this was.
I was $100% sure I was in a different sub at first. If you're talking about r/thathappened, I honestly think that it wouldn't be that strange if this post really did happen in real life.
I was $100% sure I was in a different sub at first. /r/thatHappened? This is pretty realistic, that sort of thing is attractive to a lot of people and if they meshed over the next three years that's a reasonable time frame.
I was $100% sure I was in a different sub at first. Wait... 100 dollars percent? 
I was $100% sure I was in a different sub at first. So its true!		Girls really do like a sense of humor!		*remembers super hot		*cries
Aww that reminds me of a music review I saw		http://i.imgur.com/7W3oqQY.pngWell? What was the album?!?		Don't leave us hanging!
Aww that reminds me of a music review I saw		http://i.imgur.com/7W3oqQY.pngI was thinking the same thing, too weird! I was a little busy today and was catching up watching my favorite show American Pickers and I was overcome with emotion when frank Fritz bought a used Indian motorcycle.
Fun fact: Your partner cannot be forced to testify against you in court.		That won't come up, though.		(IDK, I just wanted to share that little thing because the title made me think of it.)They cannot arrest a husband and wife for the same crime... 
Awwwwwww that is the cutest meeting story in the world. :3My favorite kinds of meeting stories are the ones where there was just NOTHING to indicate they would ever get on well.  Not a bad interaction, but like they had some bizarre, one off interaction and parted ways, and then years later they get married.		
AWWWWWWW, i cantyes you can!		i believe in you
The lesson here: girls love corny dudes. Don't be afraid to be cornyStep 1:  Be attractive.
The lesson here: girls love corny dudes. Don't be afraid to be cornyYeeah it's more like:		>I got paired with a super hot guy
hi! if anyone was wondering what they look like, the girl posted a picture on her blog! https://sarahkeilman94.tumblr.com/post/78885382366 		cute couple :- ]]		edit: imgur mirror http://i.imgur.com/iixR6YQ.jpgme: aw they're sweet together! 	me: wow she's only 22! 		me: *cries softly stroking a cat* 
I'm not crying, you're crying!Here's the tissue for your grass allergy 
THIS MAKES ME FEEL BOTH HAPPY AND SAD PLS HELPYou will find a /u/missus_bmwilliams to share your love with, just keep doing you friend.		P.S.--I tried tagging that username to see if there was a quick way to find her, but page not found.  Darn.
guys i think this might be the most wholesome post in the history of the internetI sincerely hope it's real.
I've been with my bf for 6 years, still no ring :(Chillax friend. The time will come when you least expect it. Don't think about marrying so much.			Marriage is nothing without everlasting love and the dedication for care from both of you.
I've been with my bf for 6 years, still no ring :(Have you talked about it and know that he wants to be married to you?  If yes, then the next step is to actually talk about a timeline.
I've been with my bf for 6 years, still no ring :(I've been with my girl for 8 and I'm only now looking for a ring. 
I've been with my bf for 6 years, still no ring :(If you really want to marry him, propose to him. Don't let tradition hold you back.
I've been with my bf for 6 years, still no ring :(If it hasn't happened in 6 years it probably won't without some prodding.*   Get to prodding or get to packing.					^^^* ^^^This ^^^unsolicited ^^^advice ^^^brought ^^^to ^^^you ^^^by ^^^some ^^^random ^^^guy ^^^on ^^^the ^^^internet ^^^who's ^^^been ^^^married ^^^twice.
Is that high school? Because these days marrying at 20-21 is rareRare but if they want to be together for the rest of their lives, i think that's what matters most.
This sounds like it could also be a story on /r/cringe where the guy explains the awkward stupid joke he made and the girl rejected him.No. This is /r/wholesomememes. We can put away that cynicism. 
[removed]Think you're in the wrong subreddit, friend :)
>i got him		claiming ownership over someone doesn't seem very wholesome to me. marriage is a partnership, not an ownership. this kind of rubbed me the wrong way :\She won the game.		And everyone reading this just lost it.
AyyyyyyyyMacarena
I almost commented as if I was in that sub until i saw everyone being nice and checked where this was.?
If you're talking about r/thathappened, I honestly think that it wouldn't be that strange if this post really did happen in real life.Thus, r/nothingeverhappens
/r/thatHappened? This is pretty realistic, that sort of thing is attractive to a lot of people and if they meshed over the next three years that's a reasonable time frame.And even damning that it's pretty original and clever. Even if it was fake, it's not outside the realm of possibility. It'd be more /r/thathappened material if it ended with the classic "and everyone stood up and clapped" ending, but this is pretty damn believable.
Wait... 100 dollars percent? https://www.reddit.com/r/thatHappened/comments/1bs0cs/and_im_also_giving_you_100_dollars_the_first/
So its true!		Girls really do like a sense of humor!		*remembers super hot		*criesHey friend, don't dispair! My future husband made me smile first. Then I discovered that the more he made me laugh, the better looking he got. Keep them laughing, you'll just get better looking!
So its true!		Girls really do like a sense of humor!		*remembers super hot		*criesHey I think you're hot
Well? What was the album?!?		Don't leave us hanging!Oh right yeah, it's Within and Without by Washed Out
Well? What was the album?!?		Don't leave us hanging!Before the Storm
Well? What was the album?!?		Don't leave us hanging!Darude - Sandstorm
They cannot arrest a husband and wife for the same crime... Yeah, I don't think that's true.
They cannot arrest a husband and wife for the same crime... https://68.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lojdmy3wS51qb87bqo1_500.gif
My favorite kinds of meeting stories are the ones where there was just NOTHING to indicate they would ever get on well.  Not a bad interaction, but like they had some bizarre, one off interaction and parted ways, and then years later they get married.		I met my husband when I was 16 and he was 18. I was working at a roller skating rink and the owners wanted me to run the snack bar for a speed skating meet. Doors opened at like 5 am but it sounded fun so I agreed. My husband was one of the competitors and I served him food but didn't think much of him other than him being a customer. He started coming in occasionally when I worked and continued to buy food. He also kept putting a lot of change in the donation jar on the counter which was labeled for some cause. Apparently he was using that as an excuse to come up and talk to me. Eventually his cousin asked me for my AIM screen name (I'm really dating myself now). He messaged me through AIM and we became friends. The rest is history, 14 years later. 
My favorite kinds of meeting stories are the ones where there was just NOTHING to indicate they would ever get on well.  Not a bad interaction, but like they had some bizarre, one off interaction and parted ways, and then years later they get married.		*Story time!* Sounds like me and bf. We were in the same French class in junior year and for the first half year, never spoke. The second half, we were supposed to put on a show and we were in different set design groups that ended up working together at the same slot on the last weekend. I burned myself with a glue gun and he, making fun of me all the way, walked me to the nurse to get bandaged. He added me on Facebook that night and for the next two weeks we couldn't stop talking to each and extend 24/7 almost. He hinted he wanted me to ask him to the "girls ask guys" dance and I did and he said yes. Two weeks and a couple of group dates together and he asked me to be his gf.  	We dated for 3 months and then broke up because our whole meeting + getting to know each other + dating happened in no more than 2.5 weeks.  	9 months later (yea, it's a weird number) in the beginning of February we met again at a show that we were both in. We talked for a good month and the whole time I kept getting vibes that he wanted to try again.  	On Valentine's Day, he asked me in passing of he wanted to hang out that night. I honestly figured that it was going to be a group hangout but it turned out he had actually asked me out and we ended up studying together at Dennys. We kept messing around and not focusing on work so we figured we'd just call it a night and head to his house to watch a movie. I picked a scary movie (not sure why, but I guess younger me knew what I was doing); Grudge 3, I think. And we cuddled (sort of) under a blanket. I was trying to be respectful and not force myself on him in case I was actually reading the signs wrong. He, though, kept purposely bumping my hand like he was "fixing" the blanket but he kept doing it so I took a breath and held his hand. And I could feel us both collectively freeze cuz we knew what that meant. And then he grabbed my hand more. A little while later he just turned to me and kissed me and asked if I wanted to try again. I said yes and 4 years later, here we are :) We're planning on moving in together in a year or so. I'm kind of proud of our little story because it's something out of movie. Hehehe thanks for reading this, if you made it so far! I'd love to hear of any more meet up stories :))
My favorite kinds of meeting stories are the ones where there was just NOTHING to indicate they would ever get on well.  Not a bad interaction, but like they had some bizarre, one off interaction and parted ways, and then years later they get married.		My girlfriend and I were in the same music class for 2 years before we ever met each other. She had asked a mutual friend to get her a burger from the burger joint by school before practice but the friend had declined, instead telling her to ask me. So she did and I said I'd join her. While we were there she had actually called me her girlfriend in a joking way and a few months later we started dating. We actually ate at the same burger joint yesterday on our 4 1/2 year anniversary:) 
My favorite kinds of meeting stories are the ones where there was just NOTHING to indicate they would ever get on well.  Not a bad interaction, but like they had some bizarre, one off interaction and parted ways, and then years later they get married.		In the movie business, that's called a meet cute
My favorite kinds of meeting stories are the ones where there was just NOTHING to indicate they would ever get on well.  Not a bad interaction, but like they had some bizarre, one off interaction and parted ways, and then years later they get married.		Like When Harry met Sally eh? That is totally me and my partner! We knew each other over 10 years ago in high school. He was older than me and we only sort of knew each other. He taunted me a bit. He was actually partially responsible for my ex in highschool asking me out. Fast forward 10 years and we see each other on Tinder. His opening line is "I am like 90% sure I know you from highschool." From that day on we couldn't stop talking and now we live together! 
My favorite kinds of meeting stories are the ones where there was just NOTHING to indicate they would ever get on well.  Not a bad interaction, but like they had some bizarre, one off interaction and parted ways, and then years later they get married.		This is me and my current girlfriend!!  		She was mutual friends with a band mate in my shitty garage band back in high school 12 years ago.  We hung out several times that summer and I thought she was really cute, but I had a "serious" girlfriend at the time and she had a boyfriend.  We parted ways as the next school year started and basically forgot about each other.  		Fast forward to last year...we happened to randomly reconnect and hit it off, and when we made the connection of our mutual friend and name-dropped my old band, my jaw about hit the floor.  		Since then it's developed into the best relatioship I've ever had.  I'm genuinely excited at the prospect of potentially spending the rest of my life with such a goofy, intelligent, caring, incredible girl.  
yes you can!		i believe in you... but I can't even!
yes you can!		i believe in youJUST DO IT! MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE!		In all seriousness, you'll find your own partner in crime and you can safely do crimes in GTA if need be
Step 1:  Be attractive.Step 2: Just be you
Step 1:  Be attractive.Step 2: Realize that a nice personality makes you attractive =)
Step 1:  Be attractive.I know a guy who looks weird. He also talks weird. He's quiet and awkward. But he's so in ownership of who he is, and is 100% unashamed of the corny shit he likes and the corny artwork he does, that he's been dating a beautiful, *nice* woman for two years now 
Step 1:  Be attractive.Attractive is in the eye of the beholder. My guy isn't attractive by society's standards, but he's the most beautiful man alive to me. I'll take someone corny, funny and kind over someone superhot one any day of the week. 
Yeeah it's more like:		>I got paired with a super hot guyDifferent people find different things attractive. Your perfect 10 is not my perfect 10, and so on. The best thing you can do is to constantly be improving yourself (I don't mean just appearance, I mean make yourself a better person in other ways) and put yourself out there w/r/t dating. Just go out, meet people, be casual. When something serious is ready to happen, it'll happen. 		Insisting that the only reason this worked out is because the guy is super hot is silly - he might not even be conventionally attractive for one, and his personality is very obviously what made her go for him. 
Yeeah it's more like:		>I got paired with a super hot guyI  don't like the cynicism but it's not inaccurate. 
First, you gotta be "super hot" super		HOT		super		HOT
me: aw they're sweet together! 	me: wow she's only 22! 		me: *cries softly stroking a cat* I'm 23 and in a healthy, happy committed relationship and the prospect of getting engaged just made me break out in a cold sweat. 
Here's the tissue for your grass allergy I've got a case of onions! 
You will find a /u/missus_bmwilliams to share your love with, just keep doing you friend.		P.S.--I tried tagging that username to see if there was a quick way to find her, but page not found.  Darn."User not found" Story of my life  thanks though
I sincerely hope it's real.Why is everyone thinking this might not be real? I met my fianc back when we were in high school after making a shitty joke to her in Chemistry. 
Chillax friend. The time will come when you least expect it. Don't think about marrying so much.			Marriage is nothing without everlasting love and the dedication for care from both of you.Thank you :)
I've been with my girl for 8 and I'm only now looking for a ring. Congrats, my dude, best of luck to you! 
If you really want to marry him, propose to him. Don't let tradition hold you back.A study at USC showed ~~99% (maybe 100%?) of men who participated do not want their partners to propose.~~ 83% of male participants would prefer to propose. That's a pretty liberal/progressive sample, too. Food for thought.
I'm sorry friend. RIP to him/her and hopefully you can move on for a better life. I'm sure he/she is up there loving you so much still.He/She may have just broken up
Here is her tumblr: https://sarahkeilman94.tumblr.com/post/78885382366Haha thanks this actually made me feel better. She's cute and he's... well let's say there's hope for us all if she think he is "super hot".
MacarenaI hate myself for laughing at this. 
Macarena*Heeya!*
?Here you go buddy. 	r/thathappened where everything is 100% true. 
Thus, r/nothingeverhappensAnyone can see...
And even damning that it's pretty original and clever. Even if it was fake, it's not outside the realm of possibility. It'd be more /r/thathappened material if it ended with the classic "and everyone stood up and clapped" ending, but this is pretty damn believable.As they say in Italian: "Se non  vero,  ben trovato" - if it isn't true, it's 'well made-up'.
And even damning that it's pretty original and clever. Even if it was fake, it's not outside the realm of possibility. It'd be more /r/thathappened material if it ended with the classic "and everyone stood up and clapped" ending, but this is pretty damn believable.But if it was just some hot guy she got paired up with for a project and that was their first encounter, why were they changing their contacts instead of creating them? 
https://www.reddit.com/r/thatHappened/comments/1bs0cs/and_im_also_giving_you_100_dollars_the_first/Millions of views, -11 points on imgur. Those people are something.
Hey friend, don't dispair! My future husband made me smile first. Then I discovered that the more he made me laugh, the better looking he got. Keep them laughing, you'll just get better looking!Pro tip: worked on me with my wife, too. That is, she made me laugh and got sexier in the process. 
Oh right yeah, it's Within and Without by Washed OutThat is a really good album with or without sex.
Oh right yeah, it's Within and Without by Washed OutSex is literally the album art for that album, no wonder it's good for sex!
Oh right yeah, it's Within and Without by Washed OutParacosm is my "roll down the windows in 80 degree weather" album
Yeah, I don't think that's true.I got the worst fucking attorneys...
I met my husband when I was 16 and he was 18. I was working at a roller skating rink and the owners wanted me to run the snack bar for a speed skating meet. Doors opened at like 5 am but it sounded fun so I agreed. My husband was one of the competitors and I served him food but didn't think much of him other than him being a customer. He started coming in occasionally when I worked and continued to buy food. He also kept putting a lot of change in the donation jar on the counter which was labeled for some cause. Apparently he was using that as an excuse to come up and talk to me. Eventually his cousin asked me for my AIM screen name (I'm really dating myself now). He messaged me through AIM and we became friends. The rest is history, 14 years later. This is so cute thank you for sharing.  Put a smile on my face :)
*Story time!* Sounds like me and bf. We were in the same French class in junior year and for the first half year, never spoke. The second half, we were supposed to put on a show and we were in different set design groups that ended up working together at the same slot on the last weekend. I burned myself with a glue gun and he, making fun of me all the way, walked me to the nurse to get bandaged. He added me on Facebook that night and for the next two weeks we couldn't stop talking to each and extend 24/7 almost. He hinted he wanted me to ask him to the "girls ask guys" dance and I did and he said yes. Two weeks and a couple of group dates together and he asked me to be his gf.  	We dated for 3 months and then broke up because our whole meeting + getting to know each other + dating happened in no more than 2.5 weeks.  	9 months later (yea, it's a weird number) in the beginning of February we met again at a show that we were both in. We talked for a good month and the whole time I kept getting vibes that he wanted to try again.  	On Valentine's Day, he asked me in passing of he wanted to hang out that night. I honestly figured that it was going to be a group hangout but it turned out he had actually asked me out and we ended up studying together at Dennys. We kept messing around and not focusing on work so we figured we'd just call it a night and head to his house to watch a movie. I picked a scary movie (not sure why, but I guess younger me knew what I was doing); Grudge 3, I think. And we cuddled (sort of) under a blanket. I was trying to be respectful and not force myself on him in case I was actually reading the signs wrong. He, though, kept purposely bumping my hand like he was "fixing" the blanket but he kept doing it so I took a breath and held his hand. And I could feel us both collectively freeze cuz we knew what that meant. And then he grabbed my hand more. A little while later he just turned to me and kissed me and asked if I wanted to try again. I said yes and 4 years later, here we are :) We're planning on moving in together in a year or so. I'm kind of proud of our little story because it's something out of movie. Hehehe thanks for reading this, if you made it so far! I'd love to hear of any more meet up stories :))I read it all! This is the most cutest post that I have ever read here on Reddit. Have a good day/night.
*Story time!* Sounds like me and bf. We were in the same French class in junior year and for the first half year, never spoke. The second half, we were supposed to put on a show and we were in different set design groups that ended up working together at the same slot on the last weekend. I burned myself with a glue gun and he, making fun of me all the way, walked me to the nurse to get bandaged. He added me on Facebook that night and for the next two weeks we couldn't stop talking to each and extend 24/7 almost. He hinted he wanted me to ask him to the "girls ask guys" dance and I did and he said yes. Two weeks and a couple of group dates together and he asked me to be his gf.  	We dated for 3 months and then broke up because our whole meeting + getting to know each other + dating happened in no more than 2.5 weeks.  	9 months later (yea, it's a weird number) in the beginning of February we met again at a show that we were both in. We talked for a good month and the whole time I kept getting vibes that he wanted to try again.  	On Valentine's Day, he asked me in passing of he wanted to hang out that night. I honestly figured that it was going to be a group hangout but it turned out he had actually asked me out and we ended up studying together at Dennys. We kept messing around and not focusing on work so we figured we'd just call it a night and head to his house to watch a movie. I picked a scary movie (not sure why, but I guess younger me knew what I was doing); Grudge 3, I think. And we cuddled (sort of) under a blanket. I was trying to be respectful and not force myself on him in case I was actually reading the signs wrong. He, though, kept purposely bumping my hand like he was "fixing" the blanket but he kept doing it so I took a breath and held his hand. And I could feel us both collectively freeze cuz we knew what that meant. And then he grabbed my hand more. A little while later he just turned to me and kissed me and asked if I wanted to try again. I said yes and 4 years later, here we are :) We're planning on moving in together in a year or so. I'm kind of proud of our little story because it's something out of movie. Hehehe thanks for reading this, if you made it so far! I'd love to hear of any more meet up stories :))I interviewed my ex on the street as a tv reporter, then talked with the camera man while going over the footage about how gorgeous she was. Next night bumped into her at a bar. Spent the entire evening flirting with each other by arguing, but like... in a really sexy way. She was in law school though, and we didn't handle the long distance well. Things fell apart. It's taken a while to get over but I'm better for it now
*Story time!* Sounds like me and bf. We were in the same French class in junior year and for the first half year, never spoke. The second half, we were supposed to put on a show and we were in different set design groups that ended up working together at the same slot on the last weekend. I burned myself with a glue gun and he, making fun of me all the way, walked me to the nurse to get bandaged. He added me on Facebook that night and for the next two weeks we couldn't stop talking to each and extend 24/7 almost. He hinted he wanted me to ask him to the "girls ask guys" dance and I did and he said yes. Two weeks and a couple of group dates together and he asked me to be his gf.  	We dated for 3 months and then broke up because our whole meeting + getting to know each other + dating happened in no more than 2.5 weeks.  	9 months later (yea, it's a weird number) in the beginning of February we met again at a show that we were both in. We talked for a good month and the whole time I kept getting vibes that he wanted to try again.  	On Valentine's Day, he asked me in passing of he wanted to hang out that night. I honestly figured that it was going to be a group hangout but it turned out he had actually asked me out and we ended up studying together at Dennys. We kept messing around and not focusing on work so we figured we'd just call it a night and head to his house to watch a movie. I picked a scary movie (not sure why, but I guess younger me knew what I was doing); Grudge 3, I think. And we cuddled (sort of) under a blanket. I was trying to be respectful and not force myself on him in case I was actually reading the signs wrong. He, though, kept purposely bumping my hand like he was "fixing" the blanket but he kept doing it so I took a breath and held his hand. And I could feel us both collectively freeze cuz we knew what that meant. And then he grabbed my hand more. A little while later he just turned to me and kissed me and asked if I wanted to try again. I said yes and 4 years later, here we are :) We're planning on moving in together in a year or so. I'm kind of proud of our little story because it's something out of movie. Hehehe thanks for reading this, if you made it so far! I'd love to hear of any more meet up stories :))So cute so cute!! It's funny how in the moment those experiences can be so stressful like FUCK WHAT DO I DO?  SHOULD I GRAB HER HAND?  DO I KISS HER NOW?  MAYBE WE WAIT UNTIL THE MONSTER COMES OUT OF THE TOILET?  WAIT NO THATS GROSS WHEN THOUGH?
*Story time!* Sounds like me and bf. We were in the same French class in junior year and for the first half year, never spoke. The second half, we were supposed to put on a show and we were in different set design groups that ended up working together at the same slot on the last weekend. I burned myself with a glue gun and he, making fun of me all the way, walked me to the nurse to get bandaged. He added me on Facebook that night and for the next two weeks we couldn't stop talking to each and extend 24/7 almost. He hinted he wanted me to ask him to the "girls ask guys" dance and I did and he said yes. Two weeks and a couple of group dates together and he asked me to be his gf.  	We dated for 3 months and then broke up because our whole meeting + getting to know each other + dating happened in no more than 2.5 weeks.  	9 months later (yea, it's a weird number) in the beginning of February we met again at a show that we were both in. We talked for a good month and the whole time I kept getting vibes that he wanted to try again.  	On Valentine's Day, he asked me in passing of he wanted to hang out that night. I honestly figured that it was going to be a group hangout but it turned out he had actually asked me out and we ended up studying together at Dennys. We kept messing around and not focusing on work so we figured we'd just call it a night and head to his house to watch a movie. I picked a scary movie (not sure why, but I guess younger me knew what I was doing); Grudge 3, I think. And we cuddled (sort of) under a blanket. I was trying to be respectful and not force myself on him in case I was actually reading the signs wrong. He, though, kept purposely bumping my hand like he was "fixing" the blanket but he kept doing it so I took a breath and held his hand. And I could feel us both collectively freeze cuz we knew what that meant. And then he grabbed my hand more. A little while later he just turned to me and kissed me and asked if I wanted to try again. I said yes and 4 years later, here we are :) We're planning on moving in together in a year or so. I'm kind of proud of our little story because it's something out of movie. Hehehe thanks for reading this, if you made it so far! I'd love to hear of any more meet up stories :))the first time my partner and I met, he spilled whiskey down my underpants and our girlfriends chatted on a balcony. We didn't talk again for 6 years.		Now we have a condo and a cat together. 1-100!
... but I can't even!At least you can still odd!
Step 2: Just be youyou too! no one can do it better :)
Step 2: Just be youBut be attractive too.
I know a guy who looks weird. He also talks weird. He's quiet and awkward. But he's so in ownership of who he is, and is 100% unashamed of the corny shit he likes and the corny artwork he does, that he's been dating a beautiful, *nice* woman for two years now You mean there's still hope I don't die alone?
Be a 7This whole number thing bugs me for any gender. Like the sum of your existence or how you appear to different people can be assigned a single number. That's just sad for anyone who reduces a person to one digit on a scale they've made up.		People aren't discrete digits- we are more like... poems. That's a form most people would agree doesn't have a judge, rather an appreciation. Some people may like the form but not the content, others may like the content but not the form. Some may fall in love with both, some may not be into either. Some poems take a while to read or to absorb, some are short or easy to get, but they've all got something to express as part of language.
I've got a case of onions! Nothing like buying wholesale to save some money!
"User not found" Story of my life  thanks thoughI'm right here my love.	
Why is everyone thinking this might not be real? I met my fianc back when we were in high school after making a shitty joke to her in Chemistry. It is. She posted a photo of them and her Tumblr is regularly updated
A study at USC showed ~~99% (maybe 100%?) of men who participated do not want their partners to propose.~~ 83% of male participants would prefer to propose. That's a pretty liberal/progressive sample, too. Food for thought.That's a misreading of the study.		http://news.ucsc.edu/2013/01/marriage-traditions.html		>not one of 136 men surveyed believed  "I would definitely want my partner to propose"		but		>Nearly 15 percent of men answered, "I would kind of want to propose" and 16.9 percent said, "It doesn't matter who proposes."		In other words, nearly 1 in 3 of the men questioned would have been fine with the woman proposing, though, granted, nearly half of those would be somewhat disappointed by it.		Edit: I should add that even among the men who chose the option "I would definitely want to propose," that doesn't mean they're necessarily opposed to the idea of the woman proposing. Like if you're asked which of 2 restaurants you'd like to go to, and you really want to go to one of them, that doesn't mean you hate the other one. It's just not the one you'd want to go to, given the choice. So while those men would be disappointed if they weren't the proposer, we don't know whether or not that disappointment would be particularly strong or combined with emotions like anger or shame.
I never got a reason. To quote, I was told,		"nah I'm good lol"		Waited through the rest of the week, acted normal, then after my graduation/I was done with school I just didn't talk to her againYou're building her up in your head. That's a real asshole thing to say to someone, much less your boyfriend. You deserve better. If you could get her, you can get someone else.
Haha thanks this actually made me feel better. She's cute and he's... well let's say there's hope for us all if she think he is "super hot".I'm guessing step one for him, then, was "be confident."		Confidence is a large part of hotness! 
I hate myself for laughing at this. Don't! :D
Here you go buddy. 	r/thathappened where everything is 100% true. This isn't that unbelievable, my friend.		^^^I ^^^forgot ^^^what ^^^sub ^^^I ^^^was ^^^in
Here you go buddy. 	r/thathappened where everything is 100% true. I didn't know this sub existed.	After 20 minutes of browsing, I'm hooked.
Anyone can see...r/nothingeverhappens, r/nothingeverhappens to...			 
Getting married at 23 seems odd to you?I guess that's still common in the US? It would be pretty odd here
But if it was just some hot guy she got paired up with for a project and that was their first encounter, why were they changing their contacts instead of creating them? I think they got paired up and exchanged contact info earlier. Then later he figured out the pun, told her, and they changed their contact names
Thanks Shelly :). My grandmother always said there is a lid for every pot. Love makes you see past looks. 
That is a really good album with or without sex.Within* 
Paracosm is my "roll down the windows in 80 degree weather" albumAmazing album for summer.
This is so cute thank you for sharing.  Put a smile on my face :)You're welcome, stranger! Thank you for reading :)
I interviewed my ex on the street as a tv reporter, then talked with the camera man while going over the footage about how gorgeous she was. Next night bumped into her at a bar. Spent the entire evening flirting with each other by arguing, but like... in a really sexy way. She was in law school though, and we didn't handle the long distance well. Things fell apart. It's taken a while to get over but I'm better for it nowThat made me depressed too :'(
At least you can still odd!Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad, get off of Reddit.
At least you can still odd!OH MY WORD HOW IS EVERYTHING IN THIS SUB SO NICE LIKE HOW
At least you can still odd!THIS IS A GOOD ONE
This whole number thing bugs me for any gender. Like the sum of your existence or how you appear to different people can be assigned a single number. That's just sad for anyone who reduces a person to one digit on a scale they've made up.		People aren't discrete digits- we are more like... poems. That's a form most people would agree doesn't have a judge, rather an appreciation. Some people may like the form but not the content, others may like the content but not the form. Some may fall in love with both, some may not be into either. Some poems take a while to read or to absorb, some are short or easy to get, but they've all got something to express as part of language.[removed]
I'm right here my love.	WHO DID DIS
This isn't that unbelievable, my friend.		^^^I ^^^forgot ^^^what ^^^sub ^^^I ^^^was ^^^inThen you gotta counter him with /r/nothingeverhappens
This isn't that unbelievable, my friend.		^^^I ^^^forgot ^^^what ^^^sub ^^^I ^^^was ^^^inReading it seeing the ring in my peripheral vision made it seem like the outcome was going to be the guy proposing to her like a week later or something. Then seeing the three years later caption changed that assumption. 
r/nothingeverhappens, r/nothingeverhappens to...			 [me](https://m.popkey.co/a80672/8MYeO.gif)
I guess that's still common in the US? It would be pretty odd hereI'm from Europe though. It's not exactly common but it isn't odd at all.
I guess that's still common in the US? It would be pretty odd hereI'd guess it's more common to get married in the 26-35 range, but 23 definitely isn't young enough to be considered odd.
I think they got paired up and exchanged contact info earlier. Then later he figured out the pun, told her, and they changed their contact namesThat is one way to look at it, I like it your way. 
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad, get off of Reddit.He's allowed here too son.
WHO DID DISGuess we will be seeing your wholesome post in 3 yrs
Then you gotta counter him with /r/nothingeverhappensWhere am I? I feel like I'm in a different subreddit
[me](https://m.popkey.co/a80672/8MYeO.gif)too thanks
I'm from Europe though. It's not exactly common but it isn't odd at all.I'm from Finland, getting married at that age sounds fairly normal.
He's allowed here too son.someone needs to even the odds
Where am I? I feel like I'm in a different subreddit[deleted]
HiMy name is
My name isWhat?
What?My name is
My name isWho?
Who?[deleted]
