A true millionaireArt that can be bought vs art that is priceless
A true millionaireMy husband and toddler presented me with a homemade birthday card this morning. He wrote it and drew a heart, she colored and did the pretend-writing she started doing yesterday. She (not quite two, with no idea what a birthday is yet) proudly brought it in to show me, and kept saying "heart! Heart!"		It was exactly what I wanted. :') 		[Edit: The card and kiddo in question.](https://imgur.com/a/twELL) Her pretend writing is the dark blue pen on the inside. She calls out random letter sounds as she does it.
A true millionaireHi! I'll leave my stuff here if you feel like checking out more comics!		[Tumblr](http://huffy-penguin.tumblr.com/)		
A true millionairePeople say you can't have it all, you can be rich but at the expense of a loving family. It's popular to draw the Scrooge McDuck CEO who lives in an empty mansion with nobody to love but his money. But I know quite a few wealthy people who make time to spend with their families and are very happy. Anything is possible. 
A true millionaireWho needs money if you have love 	Edit: You certainly need money as well to a certain degree but what's wealth if you cannot share it with your loved ones <3
A true millionaireMy preschooler makes about ten pieces of art per week. And he specifically tells me that he makes each piece to show that he loves me. I keep some on the fridge, tuck some away into a binder, hang some, but.... I don't have space for everything. So I stuff it into the recycling when he isn't looking.
A true millionaireI have the best dad in the world.  		He runs a very very successful company that he is the CEO/founder of.  He has a completely decked out office and drives a Maserati (I have no idea if I spelled that right), but dammit his office is covered with drawings of mine (I'm a designer now), every award I achieved in school, and photos of my brothers and I.  He even has a drawing I made when I was really little and came into his office and made a drawing of a product for his industry for him to "make." He has that pinned up to his wall.  		I love my dad :)
A true millionaireMy financial advisor has finger paintings of his child in $1K frames hanging in his office, it's pretty fucking baller.
A true millionaireSee, this is awesome. This stuff makes me feel good. The comic book artists that are so pessimistic with their work always bring me down. 
A true millionaireWhat an absolutely adorable comic. Stuff like this remind me of how much I can't wait to one day have children. 
A true millionairePow. Right in the feels. My daughter was just born 3 days ago. Look forward to getting her first picture.
A true millionaireDoesn't he have enough room on his walls for 2 paintings?
A true millionaireLovely! See, rich people usually have happy families too. I hate how the media always [portrays](http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/LonelyAtTheTop) wealthy families as dysfunctional, I guess it's what people want to hear, the idea that if someone has more material wealth than them that they are miserable elsewhere, but it's probably no more likely to be the case. One can be poor, middle class, wealthy and miserable in between or happy in any combination.
A true millionairePart of the rotating art show in my office - http://i.imgur.com/bBUKpmc.jpg		It's a Grace circa April 2017.
A true millionaireThe daughters painting is actually better than the big painting. 
Hello! What a nice comic! I hope everyone is having an excellent day. Please be sure to share it with us at  /r/WholesomeComics also! We'd love to see you there.		[Thanks! I appreciate you all.](http://i.imgur.com/hbgtV4y.gifv) 			*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wholesomememes) if you have any questions or concerns.*I appreciate *you*, Automod 
Art that can be bought vs art that is pricelessMy cousin and I made a home video once, it was his first time using an iPod touch, and his finger covers half the camera for most of it.		It will be played at his wedding.
Art that can be bought vs art that is pricelessWhen I was helping organize a storage room back when I lived with my parents, I stumbled across a little random box of junk and papers. My dad said something to the effect of "careful, that's my little box of memories." 		It was full of a few dozen doodads and drawings on construction paper from when me, my brother, and my sister were little. Old elementary school doodles and projects. I was honestly pretty surprised, it was cute. 
Art that can be bought vs art that is pricelessI keep coloured card and paper handy for homemade birthday and Christmas cards. It means more and I can personalize it. It also helps when I'm too broke to buy a nice present. Made my first handmade wedding card today and I'm really proud of it. 
Art that can be bought vs art that is pricelessThat comic reminds me of a man I had the pleasure of meeting with many years ago. I was living and working about 30 minutes with a shitty Suzuki rental away in the south of Lisbon Portugal at the time. On some lazy Saturday afternoon my colorful great cousin, also my employer then, told one of his many and often cheesy stories involving his personal friend the unofficial vice King of Portugal. At this point I was already quite annoyed with his all his colorfulness for a while and I decided to call him out. After giving me a smirky look he leaves the room to make a call and about an hour later I am sitting in the shitty Suzuki rental with him driving southeast. We stop at one of the bigger towns on our road to switch the spartan Suzuki with a vintage dark blue BMW 7 Limousine my great cousin proclaims is his. It was just temporarily rented to another friend of his, a professional wedding photographer, because of a temporarily money shortage. We had lots of those. 	We continue heading southeast, now cruising. After 20 more minutes we slow down on a countryside highway and turn to the right following a bumpy road to stop in front of a big rusty iron gate. We wait for some minutes after the Cousin made a quick call for a golf cart arriving on the other side. A suited guy in a vest unlocks the gate for us and as soon as it swings open a bold traditional Portuguese chatterfest is started between the cousin and his friend with the keys. Many minutes later we follow the cart for quite a while when we see a stretched estate and lots of stables after passing more and more horses at the side of the road. We park the car in the shadow between the stables and the long two stories mansion. There are many chimneys and I remember weathered statues and lots of ceramic wall ties with cocks and flowers painted in blue. Also there are horses. I guess horses are ok in general but my immune system doesn't think so. I grind my teeth and leave the limousine breathing with useless caution. While looking around I see an old man with greyish hair wearing a dark red morning coat coming towards us. He is friendly but formal and as the key guy wants to start his introduction process the man just steps right in front of us and another portuguese chatterfest is started without a warning After it has finally ended key guy is happy to deliver the ceremonial part. After that the old man, the brother of the would have been king of Portugal and relative to half of europeans royal families and bloodlines switches to a perfect English and starts to give me a tour through his home. 	I have to come to the end fast now my bath is getting cold. 	So after he had shown me all those big and high rooms filled with used and worn antics and in use fireplaces and a gigantic unused historic kitchen we reach his study at the end of the wing and stroll towards a davenport between two windows. There are about 50 to 60 framed photographs standing on top of it. Pictures of him with his cousin the queen of England, Michael Jackson, Louis Figo and many other then prominent people. It was a pretty impressive gallery but still had a very personal feel to it with all its different frames and many amateur photographs. So there are all these pictures and he chooses to lift up a picture in the middle of the board with a big smile starting to emerge in his face. It turns out he is the godparent of a chimpanzee and a big donor of the lisbon zoo and with the happiest face and the most wholesome voice he shows us his favorite photo with him carrying a young chimpanzee in his arms and won't stop sharing his knowledge and passion for apes and monkeys until we leave. That was one of my most favorite moments of all time, so thanks for reminding me.
My husband and toddler presented me with a homemade birthday card this morning. He wrote it and drew a heart, she colored and did the pretend-writing she started doing yesterday. She (not quite two, with no idea what a birthday is yet) proudly brought it in to show me, and kept saying "heart! Heart!"		It was exactly what I wanted. :') 		[Edit: The card and kiddo in question.](https://imgur.com/a/twELL) Her pretend writing is the dark blue pen on the inside. She calls out random letter sounds as she does it.You just described the one and only thing I want in life. Seriously, if I can have that, then my life will have been worth living.
My husband and toddler presented me with a homemade birthday card this morning. He wrote it and drew a heart, she colored and did the pretend-writing she started doing yesterday. She (not quite two, with no idea what a birthday is yet) proudly brought it in to show me, and kept saying "heart! Heart!"		It was exactly what I wanted. :') 		[Edit: The card and kiddo in question.](https://imgur.com/a/twELL) Her pretend writing is the dark blue pen on the inside. She calls out random letter sounds as she does it.Happy birthday!
My husband and toddler presented me with a homemade birthday card this morning. He wrote it and drew a heart, she colored and did the pretend-writing she started doing yesterday. She (not quite two, with no idea what a birthday is yet) proudly brought it in to show me, and kept saying "heart! Heart!"		It was exactly what I wanted. :') 		[Edit: The card and kiddo in question.](https://imgur.com/a/twELL) Her pretend writing is the dark blue pen on the inside. She calls out random letter sounds as she does it.Aw, that's adorable.	Happy birthday!
My husband and toddler presented me with a homemade birthday card this morning. He wrote it and drew a heart, she colored and did the pretend-writing she started doing yesterday. She (not quite two, with no idea what a birthday is yet) proudly brought it in to show me, and kept saying "heart! Heart!"		It was exactly what I wanted. :') 		[Edit: The card and kiddo in question.](https://imgur.com/a/twELL) Her pretend writing is the dark blue pen on the inside. She calls out random letter sounds as she does it.Please tell me the writing is up and down scribbles like /\ \/\ \/\ cause I did it when I was a kid, my kids did it, and I feel like it's literally the universal language of kids writing before real lwtters   
My husband and toddler presented me with a homemade birthday card this morning. He wrote it and drew a heart, she colored and did the pretend-writing she started doing yesterday. She (not quite two, with no idea what a birthday is yet) proudly brought it in to show me, and kept saying "heart! Heart!"		It was exactly what I wanted. :') 		[Edit: The card and kiddo in question.](https://imgur.com/a/twELL) Her pretend writing is the dark blue pen on the inside. She calls out random letter sounds as she does it.My wife's birthday was in October and our daughter was 8 months old at the time. I put a pen in her hand while I held it and let her scribble all over the inside of the card. Then I guided her hand and wrote "Happy Birthday Mommy". My wife broke down crying saying it was the best card shes ever received.
My husband and toddler presented me with a homemade birthday card this morning. He wrote it and drew a heart, she colored and did the pretend-writing she started doing yesterday. She (not quite two, with no idea what a birthday is yet) proudly brought it in to show me, and kept saying "heart! Heart!"		It was exactly what I wanted. :') 		[Edit: The card and kiddo in question.](https://imgur.com/a/twELL) Her pretend writing is the dark blue pen on the inside. She calls out random letter sounds as she does it.Happy birthday dude! I hope your day continues to be magical!
Hi! I'll leave my stuff here if you feel like checking out more comics!		[Tumblr](http://huffy-penguin.tumblr.com/)		The wizard one with the girl on the roof actually made my eyes watery. That is ~~fucking~~ truly beautiful!
Hi! I'll leave my stuff here if you feel like checking out more comics!		[Tumblr](http://huffy-penguin.tumblr.com/)		I really like the NSA one!
People say you can't have it all, you can be rich but at the expense of a loving family. It's popular to draw the Scrooge McDuck CEO who lives in an empty mansion with nobody to love but his money. But I know quite a few wealthy people who make time to spend with their families and are very happy. Anything is possible. Wealthy people on average have more opportunities to spend time with families, better health to enjoy that time, better financial standing so taking time off work doesn't hurt as much as some poorer. Also in relationships the biggest stressor is money, so having enough of it puts you in a better place overall.
People say you can't have it all, you can be rich but at the expense of a loving family. It's popular to draw the Scrooge McDuck CEO who lives in an empty mansion with nobody to love but his money. But I know quite a few wealthy people who make time to spend with their families and are very happy. Anything is possible. My dad is the CEO of a hedge fund. He works insane hours. Growing up, he'd be home for dinner every night. Afterwards, he'd take me back to his office where I would hang out and do HW while he worked, and he would stop to help me whenever I needed. He's the most hardworking and selfless man I know.
Who needs money if you have love 	Edit: You certainly need money as well to a certain degree but what's wealth if you cannot share it with your loved ones <3Can't buy food with love
Who needs money if you have love 	Edit: You certainly need money as well to a certain degree but what's wealth if you cannot share it with your loved ones <3That's an interesting fetish.
My preschooler makes about ten pieces of art per week. And he specifically tells me that he makes each piece to show that he loves me. I keep some on the fridge, tuck some away into a binder, hang some, but.... I don't have space for everything. So I stuff it into the recycling when he isn't looking.And that's nothing to feel bad about! The drawings are meant to show you love, not to fill up the house. As long as you feel love when you receive them, they have done their job, no matter what you do with them next!		My daughter draws me at least five rainbows a day. I love them, but of course they go in the recycling!
My preschooler makes about ten pieces of art per week. And he specifically tells me that he makes each piece to show that he loves me. I keep some on the fridge, tuck some away into a binder, hang some, but.... I don't have space for everything. So I stuff it into the recycling when he isn't looking.Take photos first.  He's gonna start bringing home art objects.  They're even tougher to decide whether to keep or not.  Photos help.
I have the best dad in the world.  		He runs a very very successful company that he is the CEO/founder of.  He has a completely decked out office and drives a Maserati (I have no idea if I spelled that right), but dammit his office is covered with drawings of mine (I'm a designer now), every award I achieved in school, and photos of my brothers and I.  He even has a drawing I made when I was really little and came into his office and made a drawing of a product for his industry for him to "make." He has that pinned up to his wall.  		I love my dad :)hey it's me ur brother
I have the best dad in the world.  		He runs a very very successful company that he is the CEO/founder of.  He has a completely decked out office and drives a Maserati (I have no idea if I spelled that right), but dammit his office is covered with drawings of mine (I'm a designer now), every award I achieved in school, and photos of my brothers and I.  He even has a drawing I made when I was really little and came into his office and made a drawing of a product for his industry for him to "make." He has that pinned up to his wall.  		I love my dad :)I'm glad he supported you. A great father. Maybe one day I'll find some sort of adoptive family that actually cares about me.
I have the best dad in the world.  		He runs a very very successful company that he is the CEO/founder of.  He has a completely decked out office and drives a Maserati (I have no idea if I spelled that right), but dammit his office is covered with drawings of mine (I'm a designer now), every award I achieved in school, and photos of my brothers and I.  He even has a drawing I made when I was really little and came into his office and made a drawing of a product for his industry for him to "make." He has that pinned up to his wall.  		I love my dad :)You spelled it perfectly! Have a wonderful day!
My financial advisor has finger paintings of his child in $1K frames hanging in his office, it's pretty fucking baller.That's awesome. If I'm ever rich AF, I'm gonna do that too. 
Doesn't he have enough room on his walls for 2 paintings?Yes, but that is the place of honor. 
I appreciate *you*, Automod r/botsrights 
My cousin and I made a home video once, it was his first time using an iPod touch, and his finger covers half the camera for most of it.		It will be played at his wedding.I feel i was meant to find you.
My cousin and I made a home video once, it was his first time using an iPod touch, and his finger covers half the camera for most of it.		It will be played at his wedding.Is he a film maker or something now ? Would be an incredible memory
That comic reminds me of a man I had the pleasure of meeting with many years ago. I was living and working about 30 minutes with a shitty Suzuki rental away in the south of Lisbon Portugal at the time. On some lazy Saturday afternoon my colorful great cousin, also my employer then, told one of his many and often cheesy stories involving his personal friend the unofficial vice King of Portugal. At this point I was already quite annoyed with his all his colorfulness for a while and I decided to call him out. After giving me a smirky look he leaves the room to make a call and about an hour later I am sitting in the shitty Suzuki rental with him driving southeast. We stop at one of the bigger towns on our road to switch the spartan Suzuki with a vintage dark blue BMW 7 Limousine my great cousin proclaims is his. It was just temporarily rented to another friend of his, a professional wedding photographer, because of a temporarily money shortage. We had lots of those. 	We continue heading southeast, now cruising. After 20 more minutes we slow down on a countryside highway and turn to the right following a bumpy road to stop in front of a big rusty iron gate. We wait for some minutes after the Cousin made a quick call for a golf cart arriving on the other side. A suited guy in a vest unlocks the gate for us and as soon as it swings open a bold traditional Portuguese chatterfest is started between the cousin and his friend with the keys. Many minutes later we follow the cart for quite a while when we see a stretched estate and lots of stables after passing more and more horses at the side of the road. We park the car in the shadow between the stables and the long two stories mansion. There are many chimneys and I remember weathered statues and lots of ceramic wall ties with cocks and flowers painted in blue. Also there are horses. I guess horses are ok in general but my immune system doesn't think so. I grind my teeth and leave the limousine breathing with useless caution. While looking around I see an old man with greyish hair wearing a dark red morning coat coming towards us. He is friendly but formal and as the key guy wants to start his introduction process the man just steps right in front of us and another portuguese chatterfest is started without a warning After it has finally ended key guy is happy to deliver the ceremonial part. After that the old man, the brother of the would have been king of Portugal and relative to half of europeans royal families and bloodlines switches to a perfect English and starts to give me a tour through his home. 	I have to come to the end fast now my bath is getting cold. 	So after he had shown me all those big and high rooms filled with used and worn antics and in use fireplaces and a gigantic unused historic kitchen we reach his study at the end of the wing and stroll towards a davenport between two windows. There are about 50 to 60 framed photographs standing on top of it. Pictures of him with his cousin the queen of England, Michael Jackson, Louis Figo and many other then prominent people. It was a pretty impressive gallery but still had a very personal feel to it with all its different frames and many amateur photographs. So there are all these pictures and he chooses to lift up a picture in the middle of the board with a big smile starting to emerge in his face. It turns out he is the godparent of a chimpanzee and a big donor of the lisbon zoo and with the happiest face and the most wholesome voice he shows us his favorite photo with him carrying a young chimpanzee in his arms and won't stop sharing his knowledge and passion for apes and monkeys until we leave. That was one of my most favorite moments of all time, so thanks for reminding me.K
You just described the one and only thing I want in life. Seriously, if I can have that, then my life will have been worth living.Well here's to you finding that very thing your heart desires. And along your travels, wherever they lead, may you discover that your life has always been worth living. *clink! 
You just described the one and only thing I want in life. Seriously, if I can have that, then my life will have been worth living.Highly recommended! :D
Please tell me the writing is up and down scribbles like /\ \/\ \/\ cause I did it when I was a kid, my kids did it, and I feel like it's literally the universal language of kids writing before real lwtters   Like [this](http://m.imgur.com/WQCYTBt)
Please tell me the writing is up and down scribbles like /\ \/\ \/\ cause I did it when I was a kid, my kids did it, and I feel like it's literally the universal language of kids writing before real lwtters   Good news! [You could be President someday](https://c.o0bg.com/rf/image_1920w/Boston/2011-2020/2017/02/01/BostonGlobe.com/Ideas/Images/4eaf3aa7bb3842f78a5075c19d2ee59b-4eaf3aa7bb3842f78a5075c19d2ee59b-0.jpg)
The wizard one with the girl on the roof actually made my eyes watery. That is ~~fucking~~ truly beautiful!I didn't understand it until I saw the tags. It truly is beautiful. 
The wizard one with the girl on the roof actually made my eyes watery. That is ~~fucking~~ truly beautiful!Watch yo profamity 
The wizard one with the girl on the roof actually made my eyes watery. That is ~~fucking~~ truly beautiful!watch your language the puppers dont like it
Wealthy people on average have more opportunities to spend time with families, better health to enjoy that time, better financial standing so taking time off work doesn't hurt as much as some poorer. Also in relationships the biggest stressor is money, so having enough of it puts you in a better place overall.The counterpoint is that the personality often required to get that wealthy often leads to irrational behavior in their personal lives. Of course the executive making a million per year could work half as much and make 300k or something instead, but if he had that mentality, he wouldn't be in this position in the first place.
Can't buy food with loveI mean you're not wrong, if I could pay tuition and rent with love I'd be the happiest, loveingest person alive
Can't buy food with love"It is good to be in love. It is better to be in love and have bread to eat."		- Yiddish proverb
Can't buy food with loveMom's and grandmom's disagree with you. 	 
And that's nothing to feel bad about! The drawings are meant to show you love, not to fill up the house. As long as you feel love when you receive them, they have done their job, no matter what you do with them next!		My daughter draws me at least five rainbows a day. I love them, but of course they go in the recycling!I like to call it the archives.		There was a good comment over on /r/place along the lines that the destruction of art should be not be feared or avoided, but rather it should be acknowledged and respected -- just as how death is what gives life meaning, destruction is what gives art its value.
hey it's me ur brotherMy brothers are both Redditors, so you very well could be.  :)
I'm glad he supported you. A great father. Maybe one day I'll find some sort of adoptive family that actually cares about me.We are your adoptive family and we care about you! Take care, my friend!
I'm glad he supported you. A great father. Maybe one day I'll find some sort of adoptive family that actually cares about me.You know what?  His dad left him high and dry while his mom was giving birth to him.  He is a self made man.  He never met the man until the day his father died.  That is the beautiful part about life, some day you get to make your own family (if you want).   Some times the worst fathers produce kids that make the best fathers because they know exactly how not to treat their family. They grow into good parents in spite of theirs. :)
I'm not sure I would go to a financial adviser that buys $1,000 frames. Why? Obviously he must have financially advised himself to the point of wealth that where he could afford to spend that much on a frame. 
Yes, but that is the place of honor. The place that changes from above the fireplace to a random wall?
I feel i was meant to find you.wow
I feel i was meant to find you.Cool people unite!
I feel i was meant to find you.[uhmmmmm](http://imgur.com/a/okhGm) 		Sorry snapchats the only editing software I have rn haha
I feel i was meant to find you.now kiss
I feel i was meant to find you.Wtf is happening
I feel i was meant to find you.Woah im a rajd in real life too
Is he a film maker or something now ? Would be an incredible memoryHe's only 10! The touchscreen revolution was really starting when he was around 4 so that was his first time using something like that
Well here's to you finding that very thing your heart desires. And along your travels, wherever they lead, may you discover that your life has always been worth living. *clink! Awww thank you.
Like [this](http://m.imgur.com/WQCYTBt)Looks like one of our Treasury Secretary's [signature.](https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2013/06/the-tragic-demise-of-jack-lews-once-awesome-signature/276982/)
Watch yo profamity You're right, I'm sorry.
watch your language the puppers dont like itCorrected!
The counterpoint is that the personality often required to get that wealthy often leads to irrational behavior in their personal lives. Of course the executive making a million per year could work half as much and make 300k or something instead, but if he had that mentality, he wouldn't be in this position in the first place.That simply isn't true though. Some are absolute workaholics but not all. 
The counterpoint is that the personality often required to get that wealthy often leads to irrational behavior in their personal lives. Of course the executive making a million per year could work half as much and make 300k or something instead, but if he had that mentality, he wouldn't be in this position in the first place.I don't think something complex as human personality is so black and white.		One person can be a workaholic with no paternal/maternal skills, one can be a workaholic with great parenting skills but is bad at romantic relationships, one might be a workaholic from 11am-4pm and still has time to make Juniors little league game. 		Humans aren't easy to label. 
I mean you're not wrong, if I could pay tuition and rent with love I'd be the happiest, loveingest person aliveWell don't let practicality get in the way. Be the lovingest person alive anyway, I know you can do it!
I mean you're not wrong, if I could pay tuition and rent with love I'd be the happiest, loveingest person aliveEveryone should be the happiest, loveingest person alive, that way the world would be a better place!
My brothers are both Redditors, so you very well could be.  :)hey it's me your other brother.
The place that changes from above the fireplace to a random wall?You can see the mantel at the bottom of the last couple frames. It's definitely supposed to be above the fireplace.
wowOne of you likes the "d" and the other doesn't.	
wow[it's happening!](https://i.imgur.com/7drHiqrh.jpg)
Cool people unite!Dyslexic people untie!
[uhmmmmm](http://imgur.com/a/okhGm) 		Sorry snapchats the only editing software I have rn hahaYou are part of the club now. No getting out now.
[uhmmmmm](http://imgur.com/a/okhGm) 		Sorry snapchats the only editing software I have rn hahathis is some fucking illuminati shit right here
[uhmmmmm](http://imgur.com/a/okhGm) 		Sorry snapchats the only editing software I have rn hahay'all fuckin'?
now kissWell, he already put the d in raj96.
now kissNow kith
Wtf is happeningRaj is a fairly common name and someone born in 1996 is a fairly reasonable age for a large part of the reddit demographic.		"NameYear" is a common username and  one of them added a last or middle initial. 		They happened to find each other on the front page. 
Wtf is happeningJust a glitch in the matrix, move along folks, nothing to see here.
Woah im a rajd in real life tooWe are 4 strong. They cant stop us now.
nice try, his altMaybe I'm your alt...
I like to think /u/raj96 is a ~~(cis)~~ girl so you can give her the d  		Edit: this really was just a low-hanging fruit joke - which would only become worse if I kept adding things to be inclusive(wholesome).. So I'll just leave it like this. So, in your imaginary situation you go through the effort of labeling her "Cis" but go through with the notion that only straight people can have sex? You confuse me.
He's only 10! The touchscreen revolution was really starting when he was around 4 so that was his first time using something like thatI see :') he could've been 14 or 15 as the first touch with a camera made its apparition 6 or 7 years ago 
Awww thank you.I found a fellow mage :)
Well don't let practicality get in the way. Be the lovingest person alive anyway, I know you can do it!This is a nice sentiment but sometimes in life you need to do selfish things to stay alive. We should all be as loving and nice as we are practically capable of being
Everyone should be the happiest, loveingest person alive, that way the world would be a better place!User name doesnt check out lol
hey it's me your other brother.Hey it's me your other other brother
You can see the mantel at the bottom of the last couple frames. It's definitely supposed to be above the fireplace.Oh man that makes sense now. I didn't understand the comic, I think the fireplace should be more prevalent in the later frames. I was wondering why he didn't replace the picture with the kid's picture (but that's exactly what happened).
One of you likes the "d" and the other doesn't.	whether you have a "d" or not doesn't make you like it or not.        	    	this sentence is very convoluted. oh well. 
Dyslexic people untie!D is for lysdexia :D	
y'all fuckin'?>y'all huggin?         	        	ITFY
Raj is a fairly common name and someone born in 1996 is a fairly reasonable age for a large part of the reddit demographic.		"NameYear" is a common username and  one of them added a last or middle initial. 		They happened to find each other on the front page. You are correct! Its my initials and my birth year.
I see :') he could've been 14 or 15 as the first touch with a camera made its apparition 6 or 7 years ago No worries! I didn't specify his age so it was a perfectly rational assumption 
I found a fellow mage :)We should, like, form a school or something.
This is a nice sentiment but sometimes in life you need to do selfish things to stay alive. We should all be as loving and nice as we are practically capable of beingThen we'll have to change the world
Hey it's me your other other brotherHey it's me your brother other other
whether you have a "d" or not doesn't make you like it or not.        	    	this sentence is very convoluted. oh well. I can't believe you used the word convoluted but couldn't spell whether
whether you have a "d" or not doesn't make you like it or not.        	    	this sentence is very convoluted. oh well. [deleted]
No worries! I didn't specify his age so it was a perfectly rational assumption I swear, My initial thought on this conversation, was "wow...this is a really pleasant exchange"....then I remembered I was on wholesome memes. It's so nice being here sometimes :)
We should, like, form a school or something.Don't forget the Safeword
We should, like, form a school or something.Yes an all girls school which becomes coed just to fuel the anime and magic economy
Then we'll have to change the worldWe can at least try.
Well you must be fun at parties.I'll have you know I'm a great at parties, but this isn't a party so my comment is appropriate for the situation.
I can't believe you used the word convoluted but couldn't spell whetherI ate an H :c       	and didn't proofread, so that's my fault. 
I swear, My initial thought on this conversation, was "wow...this is a really pleasant exchange"....then I remembered I was on wholesome memes. It's so nice being here sometimes :)All exchanges should be pleasant! Hate tends to crowd ones sense of reason, it's very hard to accomplish anything if hate is a part of the equation. Just love everyone, sometimes people may not return the favor but that's ok, it's still worth it!
I ate an H :c       	and didn't proofread, so that's my fault. It's OK friendo, we knew what you meant, which is all that matters. I hope that H was yummy!
I ate an H :c       	and didn't proofread, so that's my fault. We all get hungry sometimes :)
never discriminate against anyone just because of their views on certain issues, there's more to a person than thatLook at this guy, thinks people are more than their political opinions.
never discriminate against anyone just because of their views on certain issues, there's more to a person than thatBut Republicans/Democrats are right about everything, and Democrats/Republicans are literally Hitler
