I believe in Aliens!Credit to Timecowboy	https://timecowboy.tumblr.com/
I believe in Aliens!believe in the alien that believes in you!! 
I believe in Aliens!I actually kinda find this a bit sad. 
I believe in Aliens!I believe in a particular alien. He's out there, down on his luck, going through hard times. But he's a good guy, and I know that if he just takes it day by day, things are gonna start looking up for that guy.
I believe in Aliens!Most of these don't get to me very much, but this one made me smile.
I believe in Aliens!You don't need to look to space to find someone who believes in you, op! There are tons of people who believe in you right here! 
I believe in Aliens!I believe in you :D
I believe in Aliens!Somewhere out there, aliens are looking up at the sky wondering when we're going to visit them.
I believe in Aliens!I love this sub
I believe in Aliens!Hello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		
Credit to Timecowboy	https://timecowboy.tumblr.com/Dont go too far. I believe in you. And im from earth.
believe in the alien that believes in you!! Yours is the intergalactic belief that will pierce the heavens!!
believe in the alien that believes in you!! Who the hell do you think I am?!
believe in the alien that believes in you!! https://i.imgur.com/JJXL0zB.jpg
I actually kinda find this a bit sad. Nihilistic optimism. It can be quite uplifting depending on what mood you're in. But I get what you're saying 
I actually kinda find this a bit sad. If you're a person who feels loved or supported then the idea of being so without support that youre left looking deep in the universe for it probably does sound sad.		As someone who has always felt alone in my struggles I think the idea is comforting, though. Something is better than nothing.  
I actually kinda find this a bit sad. should really be /r/me_irl
I believe in a particular alien. He's out there, down on his luck, going through hard times. But he's a good guy, and I know that if he just takes it day by day, things are gonna start looking up for that guy.I bet he has recently been dumped by his girlfriend. But that's ok because she didn't understand him anyway. Soon he'll meet a plucky young woman who'll brighten his day. He immediately falls for her, but doesn't work up the courage to tell her until a kindly old person gives him a talk and he has an epiphany!
That's both wholesome but also kind of sad... he doesn't have anyone here that believes in him ;(?Well, he has us? :)
[removed][removed]
Dont go too far. I believe in you. And im from earth.I mean, it's not like people don't believe OP exists.  In that context we all believe in him...
Yours is the intergalactic belief that will pierce the heavens!!Welp, time to go binge that show again. 
Nihilistic optimism. It can be quite uplifting depending on what mood you're in. But I get what you're saying Existentialism, then?
should really be /r/me_irl\>Literally anyone believing in me		/r/absolutelynotmeirl
I bet he has recently been dumped by his girlfriend. But that's ok because she didn't understand him anyway. Soon he'll meet a plucky young woman who'll brighten his day. He immediately falls for her, but doesn't work up the courage to tell her until a kindly old person gives him a talk and he has an epiphany!And he then realizes that while there may not be a meaning behind the events that happened, he's fortunate for what has happened to get him to a better place. 
I bet he has recently been dumped by his girlfriend. But that's ok because she didn't understand him anyway. Soon he'll meet a plucky young woman who'll brighten his day. He immediately falls for her, but doesn't work up the courage to tell her until a kindly old person gives him a talk and he has an epiphany!"He looked at me as if to say... Hurry boy, she's waiting there for you!"
It verges on culty and forced sometimes though, just my opinion. I respect your opinion but I have to disagree. Sometimes forcing yourself to act happy and wholesome is the only way to be happy and I've found if you fake it for long enough, you won't be faking it for long. 
Welp, time to go binge that show again. Time for me to sit down and watch that show for the first time.
Existentialism, then?That's what I meant yea 
\>Literally anyone believing in me		/r/absolutelynotmeirlI believe in you. You can do the thing!
I respect your opinion but I have to disagree. Sometimes forcing yourself to act happy and wholesome is the only way to be happy and I've found if you fake it for long enough, you won't be faking it for long. That's probably the most depressing view on happiness I ever heard.
Time for me to sit down and watch that show for the first time.Do it you won't regret it.
Time for me to sit down and watch that show for the first time.Row row fight the powa
That's what I meant yea Nothing *really ultimately* matters, so just have a fun time and help others to do the same :)
That's probably the most depressing view on happiness I ever heard.At the same time, it's kinda the crossroads of depressingly true and truly beautiful 
Do it you won't regret it.I just finished it for my first time today. I can definitely vouch for it.
Nothing *really ultimately* matters, so just have a fun time and help others to do the same :)Unless you want to be a dick. Which isn't really condemnable from this viewpoint.
I just finished it for my first time today. I can definitely vouch for it.Show?
Unless you want to be a dick. Which isn't really condemnable from this viewpoint.You have to accept that you're choosing to be a dick and any consequences from that are your own fault, though
Unless you want to be a dick. Which isn't really condemnable from this viewpoint.That's actually not true. Not to get too in depth on existentialism the idea is that you can't be a dick, because all human beings worth are equal, so to dehumanize someone is to get rid of someone's worth which is wrong because we are all equal. If anyone wants me to get more in depth I am more than happy to!
Show?Gurren Lagann	       	Good anime, haven't finished it though. I believe it's on Netflix. 
Show?Gurren Lagann. it's got cool robots powered by spirit and manly speeches
Show?Gurren Lagann. It's a fast-paced mech-anime worth checking out.
That's actually not true. Not to get too in depth on existentialism the idea is that you can't be a dick, because all human beings worth are equal, so to dehumanize someone is to get rid of someone's worth which is wrong because we are all equal. If anyone wants me to get more in depth I am more than happy to!But why is it wrong? Can you prove that it's wrong from the ground up using logic with no assumptions?	
Gurren Lagann	       	Good anime, haven't finished it though. I believe it's on Netflix. Guess I'll be on Netflix tonight!
Gurren Lagann. it's got cool robots powered by spirit and manly speechesThank you for the answer!
So if I break their nose, they can't get mad? Sweet.Nah, just don't blame them when they break yours back
But why is it wrong? Can you prove that it's wrong from the ground up using logic with no assumptions?	Ok, so one of the ideas from existentialism is that in a world without meaning it is our job to find our own meanings in life (Sartre), so in that quest for meaning we are all equal. If you dehumanize someone then you are taking away their ability to find their own meaning in life. So all meanings in life are perfectly valid as long as they don't dehumanize people. 
Guess I'll be on Netflix tonight!Have fun!
Nah, just don't blame them when they break yours backCrap. You're right.
