Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverSilent bob talks a lot
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverFuck man that made me smile a lot
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverThank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverI met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverKevin Smith, the kind of guy that is always in costume.
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverObligatory [jorts](http://i.imgur.com/TIFoyeJ.png).		Also great job Kevin on [losing the weight!](http://i.imgur.com/1kL1fC3.jpg)
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverThat guy in the background, lol.
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverHooray for Oklahoma residents spreading the love. :)
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverKevin is such a cool guy, he's on my top 5 list of celebrities to have a beer with. 
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverKevin is an amazing guy. I once saw him do a live SMODcast and afterwards I waited by the rear door with 10 other people and when Kevin came out he spent time with each person then after he had talked to everyone he just started to tell stories for over an hour. 
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverI'd buy him fajitas too.   
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its cover[removed]
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverI hate to break it to him, but those people aren't much older than Smith is. Turned into his work by their son?  I doubt it. 		I mean, Clerks is from 1994. That's 23 years ago. If these people are 50, they would have been only 27 when clerks came out. Maybe that's too old, but I don't think it would necessarily be. 		Though I suppose they could be much older than that, they don't look that old to me. 
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverKevin Smith was teaching us that he's an asshole.  A true Reddit-beloved hero.   		The Hansens taught us not to judge a book by its cover.  
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverForgive me, I never say anything, but why is this a wholesome meme? Smith's a very funny dude, but this is a narcissistic tale about how the only thing that redeems old people in Smith's eyes is whether they are familiar with his oeuvre. I don't know. I'm old. Who cares.
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its cover[removed]
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverKevin Smith, I love him!  He is my favorite celebrity.  I love watching Fatman on Batman.  I too was turned onto him by my son (32) compared to my 52 silver haired self. 
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its cover[removed]
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverHe looks at the world in such a crude, cynical, raunchy and incredibly beautiful way. 
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverHeart warmed, take my upvote damnit
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverIs he wearing a suit jacket and a hockey Jersey? Is that just his thing?
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its coverKevin smith knows how to captivate. 
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its cover>They weren't old people with nothing interesting to talk about. They wanted to talk about Silent Bob!		Conceited much?! **_**
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its cover[removed]
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its cover[removed]
Kevin Smith, aka Silent Bob, teaches us not to judge a book by its cover[removed]
Silent bob talks a lotHe released ~~two~~ four dvds that are just him lecturing to crowds and he has like four podcasts. Dude loves to talk.		Edit: I haven't paid attention to him since 2006, apparently.
Silent bob talks a lotI watched an hour long Q&A session he did. One person asked one question at the start and he just kept going.
Fuck man that made me smile a lotI couldn't stop smiling after i read that they got him AGAIN by paying his bill!!  	  	Also, I love the honesty by kevin smith about how wrong he was.  We need more honest introspection like that :)
Fuck man that made me smile a lotespecially the creepy guy in the picture background
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*			>Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever.			That has nothing to do with being 68 and being on Reddit.  That has EVERYTHING to do with just being on Reddit.  
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		Damn you sound awesome.  I had to teach my dad (69) how to open a new tab in Chrome the other day.  Although he used to be good with computers and stuff, I'm 100% certain he used to have that knowledge.  I think he is getting dementia :(
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		TIL that my grandma might actually read my Reddit posts... :O
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		What video games do you like?
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		> this old lady		Add one more to the things people are SHOCKED by. After reading the first part of your post, I had assumed you're a man - even though I'm a chick (albeit a young'un!) myself :( Sorry, Nana.
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		May I have a hug?
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		You'll Be SHOCKED To See What This 68 Year Old Woman Thinks About Video Games, Reddit, Computers, Gay People, Religion, and Donald Trump! 
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		Paging /u/ThatKevinSmith for Nana showing some love
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		My parents are about your age (66 and 68) and my mom still plays video games. And again, not Candy Crush. Sometimes I'll call and we'll talk for hours about Dragon Age Inquisition, and sometimes she'll be too busy with Fallout or something and call me back later.		Nobody can make you feel old without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt, more or less		Keep being awesome!
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		When I grow up I wanna be just like you!
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		Hey! I don't have a Nana. Can I get one those free internet hugs? 
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		My dad is 74. A huge trump supporter, Anti gay (as well as every race aside from his), and very poor with technology. Thanks for being you. Hopefully more from your generation will step up and say being older doesn't mean you have to be a stereotype screaming at kids to get off your lawn! 
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		Probably because there are people like my mom, who is is coming up on 68, and can't use my smartphone. 
Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever. 		People are SHOCKED that I play video games and not "Candy Crush". SHOCKED that I know something about and am interested in - technology, computers, and the internet. They are SHOCKED I'm not a Trump supporter - anti-gay, and just hateful all around. SHOCKED that I'm a believer but I'm fine with whatever you choose to be. ETC.		Again - Mr. Kevin Smith - this old lady thanks you for this :)			*Nana internet hug*		> Nana internet hug		As someone whose nana has passed, thank you. That little tidbit you added at the end made me think of my own nana and it made the day a little brighter. <3 
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1Now that's a face I haven't seen in awhile 
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1How come you never post anymore? Your mother and I have been worried about you.
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1That was incredibly kind of you!
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1Nice try, Harland Williams
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1Are you that guy from the gaming forum?
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1Damn dude. It's been a good few years since I've seen you around. I thought the meme was dead. It's good to see you still _'ing.
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1Hey, Warlizard! Good to see you man. Even with your censor, I recognized you from your Snapchat. Had any good scorpion run-ins lately?
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1I have no idea who you are, but I hope you have a nice day anyway. 
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1I'm still not convinced that's not Kevin Smith.
I met a guy who was pretending to be Kevin Smith. We all went along with it just to be nice and took pics with him.		http://imgur.com/a/B4Eg1Hey! I know you! 
Kevin Smith, the kind of guy that is always in costume.Realizing that other people are as well. :3
Obligatory [jorts](http://i.imgur.com/TIFoyeJ.png).		Also great job Kevin on [losing the weight!](http://i.imgur.com/1kL1fC3.jpg)Jorts and a blazer. I wonder if my boss would go for that.
That guy in the background, lol.You and warlizard are in the same thread in the first hour with only like 10 comments. I feel like this is kind of a big deal  
That guy in the background, lol.Omg I would have missed that if not for your comment you great person.
That guy in the background, lol.[he looks he's waiting on them to smell that gnarly fart](http://i.imgur.com/7ymsB6W.png)
Hooray for Oklahoma residents spreading the love. :)Right? I can't remember the last time I actually read something positive online about the old home state.
Hooray for Oklahoma residents spreading the love. :)I like to think these fine folks are a better representation of us than what has been popping up on the news lately. But "Friendly elderly couple does a friendly thing" just doesn't rake in the ratings.
Kevin is such a cool guy, he's on my top 5 list of celebrities to have a beer with. I think he's more of a joint guy. 
Kevin is an amazing guy. I once saw him do a live SMODcast and afterwards I waited by the rear door with 10 other people and when Kevin came out he spent time with each person then after he had talked to everyone he just started to tell stories for over an hour. Kevin is one of the people I want to meet so badly. He's so nice, full of life and knows how to name a child might I add. 
Kevin is an amazing guy. I once saw him do a live SMODcast and afterwards I waited by the rear door with 10 other people and when Kevin came out he spent time with each person then after he had talked to everyone he just started to tell stories for over an hour. > he just started to tell stories for over an hour		As many have said before in this thread ... dude loves to talk.
Forgive me, I never say anything, but why is this a wholesome meme? Smith's a very funny dude, but this is a narcissistic tale about how the only thing that redeems old people in Smith's eyes is whether they are familiar with his oeuvre. I don't know. I'm old. Who cares.Haha, I don't have anything against Kevin Smith but I kinda had the same first impression. "Oh look, boring 'white hairs'... oh they're fans, they actually have worth!" :P		To be clear, I totally don't think that's how he meant it, though.
[removed][removed]
Kevin Smith, I love him!  He is my favorite celebrity.  I love watching Fatman on Batman.  I too was turned onto him by my son (32) compared to my 52 silver haired self. That's a bold statement
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
Heart warmed, take my upvote damnitDammit - you get one too! :)
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
He released ~~two~~ four dvds that are just him lecturing to crowds and he has like four podcasts. Dude loves to talk.		Edit: I haven't paid attention to him since 2006, apparently.They aren't just dvds of him talking, he does tours across the world where all he does are answer questions from the audience, I've gone to at least 4 of them so far, they're always hilarious.
He released ~~two~~ four dvds that are just him lecturing to crowds and he has like four podcasts. Dude loves to talk.		Edit: I haven't paid attention to him since 2006, apparently.3 dvds. Plus has a few books that are just his diaries, which he also publishes online.
I couldn't stop smiling after i read that they got him AGAIN by paying his bill!!  	  	Also, I love the honesty by kevin smith about how wrong he was.  We need more honest introspection like that :)> they got him AGAIN by paying his bill!!		That's the second wonderful thing here - not just that Kevin Smith is a great person (which he is), but that he sees how he is still stereotyping even after spending a good meal with Marty and Patti. We all do it, all the time - it's not something to feel guilty about, but it is something to recognize in yourself.				
especially the creepy guy in the picture backgroundDon't judge a book by its creepy cover!		;P		
	>Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever.			That has nothing to do with being 68 and being on Reddit.  That has EVERYTHING to do with just being on Reddit.  HA!! Good one!  Thank you! :)			*Nana internet hug*
	>Thank you Kevin Smith! I'm 68 and husband is 70. 		There are times on reddit I think I should have dementia, am too stupid to still be alive and I couldn't possibly understand the modern world whatsoever.			That has nothing to do with being 68 and being on Reddit.  That has EVERYTHING to do with just being on Reddit.  Ehhh, what do you know? =)
Damn you sound awesome.  I had to teach my dad (69) how to open a new tab in Chrome the other day.  Although he used to be good with computers and stuff, I'm 100% certain he used to have that knowledge.  I think he is getting dementia :(I caught my mother using a magnifying glass to look at the tiny print on her phone screen. I had to show her how to enlarge the text with her fingers.
Damn you sound awesome.  I had to teach my dad (69) how to open a new tab in Chrome the other day.  Although he used to be good with computers and stuff, I'm 100% certain he used to have that knowledge.  I think he is getting dementia :(For some it's even a point of pride. My dad is 66 and I had to teach him how to use his new smartphone a year ago. The thing is, he is probably the most intelligent person I know. He recently had to use the programming language R for a research paper he was writing (he's an economics professor). I offered to help him learn, as I am a Comp Sci student and he takes great pains about being known as a dinosaur. He says that he doesn't need my help - he got it figured out in the first few hours. He doesn't fool me with his dinosaur talk any more. 
Damn you sound awesome.  I had to teach my dad (69) how to open a new tab in Chrome the other day.  Although he used to be good with computers and stuff, I'm 100% certain he used to have that knowledge.  I think he is getting dementia :(My dad is 63 and still thinks he can only view his email on his computer.  Even though I've explained it to him numerous times, he's always confused at how I can read my email on any computer.
Damn you sound awesome.  I had to teach my dad (69) how to open a new tab in Chrome the other day.  Although he used to be good with computers and stuff, I'm 100% certain he used to have that knowledge.  I think he is getting dementia :(I don't want to scare you, but my dad, who is 71 now and has been told by his doctor that he's showing signs of slight dementia, started showing small signs around that age.  If it's genuinely making you uncomfortable, keep an eye on it.  For my family it's not too bad right now, but we've definitely needed to change routines and expectations to accommodate it.  He gets lost easily, forgets to pay bills, etc.  My mom is definitely in denial about it.
Damn you sound awesome.  I had to teach my dad (69) how to open a new tab in Chrome the other day.  Although he used to be good with computers and stuff, I'm 100% certain he used to have that knowledge.  I think he is getting dementia :(I am so sorry for that. I hope you are able to get him into a doctor for a physical and let the doc know your concern.		It isn't as if much can be done but you and your family might need to make some plans for care in the future.			You take care.		*Nana internet hug*
TIL that my grandma might actually read my Reddit posts... :OYa never know! *wink*
TIL that my grandma might actually read my Reddit posts... :O...oh no
What video games do you like?REcently - Path of Exile and Diablo III		I've played many through the years though :)
What video games do you like?Asking the important questions, I see.
> this old lady		Add one more to the things people are SHOCKED by. After reading the first part of your post, I had assumed you're a man - even though I'm a chick (albeit a young'un!) myself :( Sorry, Nana.LOL - there are worse things than to be thought to be a man :)			*Nana internet hug*
May I have a hug?*Nana internet hug*		Of course! :)
May I have a hug?*hug* 
You'll Be SHOCKED To See What This 68 Year Old Woman Thinks About Video Games, Reddit, Computers, Gay People, Religion, and Donald Trump! LOL
Paging /u/ThatKevinSmith for Nana showing some loveHA! Well that would be cool! :)
My parents are about your age (66 and 68) and my mom still plays video games. And again, not Candy Crush. Sometimes I'll call and we'll talk for hours about Dragon Age Inquisition, and sometimes she'll be too busy with Fallout or something and call me back later.		Nobody can make you feel old without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt, more or less		Keep being awesome!Thanks! Kudos to your Mom! She has me beat playing Fallout - that's one I haven't tried yet! 		Love that statement  about others cannot make you feel old without your consent too :) 		Eleanor Roosevelt was one tough, smart lady too! 		Thanks again! :)			*Nana internet hug*
Hey! I don't have a Nana. Can I get one those free internet hugs? Ab-so-toot-ly!			*Nana internet hug*
My dad is 74. A huge trump supporter, Anti gay (as well as every race aside from his), and very poor with technology. Thanks for being you. Hopefully more from your generation will step up and say being older doesn't mean you have to be a stereotype screaming at kids to get off your lawn! > being older doesn't mean you have to be a stereotype screaming at kids to get off your lawn!		Exactly!! :) Thank you!			*Nana internet hug*
Probably because there are people like my mom, who is is coming up on 68, and can't use my smartphone. My dad is in his 50s and stubbornly refuses to learn to use a smartphone. He can use a computer just fine but hell if anyone's gonna make him use a phone.
Pretty weird that you are a 68 year old woman that frequently posts on r/short, I don't think that's a place for old women. But it is a place that needs hugs - that's the reason I'm there :) And - once in a while for just a helpful word or two. :)
Now that's a face I haven't seen in awhile 
How come you never post anymore? Your mother and I have been worried about you.No one likes my posts.
How come you never post anymore? Your mother and I have been worried about you.Too busy on game forums
That was incredibly kind of you!No reason to be a jerk. :)
Nice try, Harland Williams
Are you that guy from the gaming forum?_
Damn dude. It's been a good few years since I've seen you around. I thought the meme was dead. It's good to see you still _'ing.And will as long as there are forums to deny.
Hey, Warlizard! Good to see you man. Even with your censor, I recognized you from your Snapchat. Had any good scorpion run-ins lately?Funny you should ask...		https://www.reddit.com/r/warlizard/comments/6647an/did_i_mention_fuck_scorpions/
I have no idea who you are, but I hope you have a nice day anyway. Thanks! You as well!
I'm still not convinced that's not Kevin Smith.Lol. It is. I met him at the hotel at SDCC.
Hey! I know you! Mom?
You and warlizard are in the same thread in the first hour with only like 10 comments. I feel like this is kind of a big deal  Nah, we're just normal people. Well, he does have his own forum.
You and warlizard are in the same thread in the first hour with only like 10 comments. I feel like this is kind of a big deal  Could you or another kind Redditor clue me in to what the /u/warlizard thing is, with him NOT being part of a game forum? 
I like to think these fine folks are a better representation of us than what has been popping up on the news lately. But "Friendly elderly couple does a friendly thing" just doesn't rake in the ratings.Absolutely. We're generally nice and loving people, but we still have our issues. And, there will always be differences among nearly 4 million people. 
I think he's more of a joint guy. Por que no los dos?
That's a bold statementhaha, I don't know why it did that.  I love Reddit. Always a joy. 	
[removed][removed]
Dammit - you get one too! :)Damnit! Here's one for your cleverness :P
They aren't just dvds of him talking, he does tours across the world where all he does are answer questions from the audience, I've gone to at least 4 of them so far, they're always hilarious.> I've gone to at least 4 of them so far		So you've heard him talk for 12+ hours and answer, what, like six questions? :)
My old room-mate had that exact one, and I can't remember what it was. I swear it was on DVD.Too Fat for 40.  Fucking comedy/improv gold.  There aren't many folks on the planet I could literally sit and listen to for hours...  he is assuredly one of them.  
> they got him AGAIN by paying his bill!!		That's the second wonderful thing here - not just that Kevin Smith is a great person (which he is), but that he sees how he is still stereotyping even after spending a good meal with Marty and Patti. We all do it, all the time - it's not something to feel guilty about, but it is something to recognize in yourself.				It's just you see people and you try not to stereotype but then they fit into the stereotypical mold over and over again until you kind of just auto pilot into your prior beliefs. But this definitely reminded me that that's not always true. 
Ehhh, what do you know? =)Does your beard still exist as a  ghost?
I caught my mother using a magnifying glass to look at the tiny print on her phone screen. I had to show her how to enlarge the text with her fingers.Awwww. 
I caught my mother using a magnifying glass to look at the tiny print on her phone screen. I had to show her how to enlarge the text with her fingers.Change her phone settings to a larger default font,  my mom was very thankful that I did that. 
I don't want to scare you, but my dad, who is 71 now and has been told by his doctor that he's showing signs of slight dementia, started showing small signs around that age.  If it's genuinely making you uncomfortable, keep an eye on it.  For my family it's not too bad right now, but we've definitely needed to change routines and expectations to accommodate it.  He gets lost easily, forgets to pay bills, etc.  My mom is definitely in denial about it.I suggest - if it hasn't been done - that you talk with your Dad's doc - he/she can't say anything regarding Dad (Hippa laws) - but you can express your concern and ask that the doc have a serious talk with Mom.		It's a thought.			You take care.				*Nana internet hug*
REcently - Path of Exile and Diablo III		I've played many through the years though :)That is so bad ass! I've put a lot of time into both. Which of the two is your favorite, if you have one? Why do you find yourself gravitating towards that style of game (action RPGs)? 		Also, my grandmas live a long way from me, so I'd greatly appreciate a Nana internet hug! :D
Asking the important questions, I see.Heck yeah! Gaming is a serious hobby don't ya know! :)
*Nana internet hug*		Of course! :)God you are just the sweetest person. 
*hug* :)
[removed]Unfortunately he sounds like many people from his generation. Racism was just the norm. Go to a Trump rally. You'll find many people with his mind set. I'm sure he doesn't think he is evil. Nor do they. Just was the way they were raised. Then again I was raised by him and have a completely opposite set of beliefs. So who knows. 
Arent you the guy from the WarFrame gaming farms?
Hey man, haven't watched your snaps in a while, hope you're doing well.
Why didnt you put THAT over your face instead of a white box? 
No one likes my posts.:( I like some of your posts! Especially the older ones you used to put on that gaming forum. You are that guy, right?
No one likes my posts.I like your posts... but not as much as your fries. Can I have some of your fries?
_I roll my eyes every time someone asks that question. Idk how you deal with the repetition haha
_Wow! How does it feel to be a living, breathing meme? I'm pretty sure you must enjoy it a bit seeing as you still use this account ;)
And will as long as there are forums to deny.What forums would you deny? You are the guy from that gaming forum, after all. 
Nah, we're just normal people. Well, he does have his own forum.God-fucking-dammit.		***_***
Nah, we're just normal people. Well, he does have his own forum.Oh, wow. He's THAT warlizard from the warlizard gaming forums?!
Could you or another kind Redditor clue me in to what the /u/warlizard thing is, with him NOT being part of a game forum? http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/warlizard-gaming-forum
Who are they? They are reddit famous. Warlizard is basically a walking meme and ibleeedorange is like a value gallowboob. 
Por que no los dos?It's just not his thing. It's kind of a running gag on one of his podcasts, Hollywood Babble-On, that he's a pothead and his co-host Ralph Garmin is an alcoholic. They both get really hesitant when someone tries to make one of them do the other vice.  
> I've gone to at least 4 of them so far		So you've heard him talk for 12+ hours and answer, what, like six questions? :)Tops, for sure no more than 10, but the show I went to for my 21st birthday he got through exactly 1 person. And he did the entire show in a bathrobe sitting in a comfy ass chair, like a boss.
It's just you see people and you try not to stereotype but then they fit into the stereotypical mold over and over again until you kind of just auto pilot into your prior beliefs. But this definitely reminded me that that's not always true. That reminds me of some distant psych classes. Something about the way we need to categorize and simplify the world to understand it, as we don't really like to not understand it.		We definitly need to do this, but it's all in the fine tuning I think.
Does your beard still exist as a  ghost?Oh, THIS burning beard? 
Change her phone settings to a larger default font,  my mom was very thankful that I did that. I see that you are also the tech department.
That is so bad ass! I've put a lot of time into both. Which of the two is your favorite, if you have one? Why do you find yourself gravitating towards that style of game (action RPGs)? 		Also, my grandmas live a long way from me, so I'd greatly appreciate a Nana internet hug! :DYou asked - you receive:		*Nana internet hug*			Honestly - I go back and forth with both -- not sure I have a favorite at this point - they are both so good! I am looking forward to the Necromancer character in Diablo later this year. That sounds very exciting and I used to love the necro in Diablo II!.		This pretty much sums up why I love RPGs:		http://gamesretrospect.com/2015/02/top-10-reasons-why-i-love-rpgs/		FPS games I find require really fast reflexes and *muscle memory*.  		Being smart overcomes the need for great reflexes I find. 		My smarts still work, my reflexes - not so much lol 			Thank you for asking! :)		
God you are just the sweetest person. Well thanks for that!! :)
:)Um, that was a different person who hugged you.
Arent you the guy from the WarFrame gaming farms?_
Hey man, haven't watched your snaps in a while, hope you're doing well.Haven't made any. :)
Why didnt you put THAT over your face instead of a white box? I should have.
:( I like some of your posts! Especially the older ones you used to put on that gaming forum. You are that guy, right?_
I like your posts... but not as much as your fries. Can I have some of your fries?No you can't have my fucking fries. I fucking told you I'd buy you your own -- you said no. I told you that I wasn't going to give you any of mine, that by saying "no" you made your choice to go fry-less today.		So no, you can't have any of my fucking fries.
Fair enough. /r/me_irl 
I roll my eyes every time someone asks that question. Idk how you deal with the repetition hahaThe same way frogs deal with water that slowly gets hotter.
Wow! How does it feel to be a living, breathing meme? I'm pretty sure you must enjoy it a bit seeing as you still use this account ;)Sure, not having to justify myself every time I comment is nice. 7 years of history and mild name recognition make the site more fun to use.
What forums would you deny? You are the guy from that gaming forum, after all. _
God-fucking-dammit.		***_***Do you know how many times I get mistaken for you and asked about my forums?  I feel bad for you.
Oh, wow. He's THAT warlizard from the warlizard gaming forums?!	_
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/warlizard-gaming-forumThat's kind of bizarre to have your own knowYourMeme. And more bizzare to link to it when someone asks you about it.		I like you. :D
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/warlizard-gaming-forumDo you have an autocomplete phrase linking to your own meme page? Like you type "this shit again" and your phone replaces it with the url. Must be a fairly unique experience.
Tops, for sure no more than 10, but the show I went to for my 21st birthday he got through exactly 1 person. And he did the entire show in a bathrobe sitting in a comfy ass chair, like a boss.Iirc he had a whole tour where he would only answer one question but it would take him 2 hours and would go off on tangents until he finally got back to the question. 
That reminds me of some distant psych classes. Something about the way we need to categorize and simplify the world to understand it, as we don't really like to not understand it.		We definitly need to do this, but it's all in the fine tuning I think.It's that we literally can't *understand* the world in all of its chaotic complexity, the individuality of its inhabitants, and the unpredictableness of reality. That is why our minds try to recognize patterns in daily life (such as stereotypes), to make our existence seem a little less incomprehensible to behold. 	
Oh, THIS burning beard? I HAVE COME UNDONE 		OH THIS BURNING BEARD, I HAVE COME UNDONE 		SWAAAAAAAAAN DIVING OFF THE TONGUES OF CRIPPLED GIANTS 		INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINE 			Dude i saw your name and did the excited hands thing and then the lyrics and just 		I mean i had a good day tbh but this was awesome 	I'm so excitws nobody knows clutch i love clutch 
You asked - you receive:		*Nana internet hug*			Honestly - I go back and forth with both -- not sure I have a favorite at this point - they are both so good! I am looking forward to the Necromancer character in Diablo later this year. That sounds very exciting and I used to love the necro in Diablo II!.		This pretty much sums up why I love RPGs:		http://gamesretrospect.com/2015/02/top-10-reasons-why-i-love-rpgs/		FPS games I find require really fast reflexes and *muscle memory*.  		Being smart overcomes the need for great reflexes I find. 		My smarts still work, my reflexes - not so much lol 			Thank you for asking! :)		You go, Nana! The nephalem should feel proud to have you among their ranks! <3
Um, that was a different person who hugged you.I don't care. I like hugs :D
[removed][removed]
_Daw, im just kidding buddy. Good ta see ya around!
_Man. Hats off to you for having such patience to participate in this kind of meme for years and years like you have. And on Reddit no less, the place that drives memes into the ground more than any other. 
_Question, every time someone responds to you with that joke, is your first thought annoyed or funny?
Haven't made any. :)Why'd you stop? I miss the scorpion ones
_Ya know I've always kinda wanted to get one of those from you
_At this point I'm just impressed this is still going. its been so many years
No you can't have my fucking fries. I fucking told you I'd buy you your own -- you said no. I told you that I wasn't going to give you any of mine, that by saying "no" you made your choice to go fry-less today.		So no, you can't have any of my fucking fries.Daddy... why did you eat my fries...
COMTRAYA!Hey aren't you the guy who in 1998 threw Darth Plageuis "The Wise" off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcers table?
The same way frogs deal with water that slowly gets hotter.Lol you boil to death?
Do you know how many times I get mistaken for you and asked about my forums?  I feel bad for you.Hey aren't you that guy from the WarLorax tree-speaking forums?
Do you know how many times I get mistaken for you and asked about my forums?  I feel bad for you.And I get mistaken for WarToad or WarPhalange. Weird.
	_Wait a second! You're not that guy from the Warlizard gaming forums! 
That's kind of bizarre to have your own knowYourMeme. And more bizzare to link to it when someone asks you about it.		I like you. :DDoesn't beat having your own gaming forum. 
That's kind of bizarre to have your own knowYourMeme. And more bizzare to link to it when someone asks you about it.		I like you. :DWell thanks! I like you as well.
Do you have an autocomplete phrase linking to your own meme page? Like you type "this shit again" and your phone replaces it with the url. Must be a fairly unique experience.Lol. It's on my clipboard.
Iirc he had a whole tour where he would only answer one question but it would take him 2 hours and would go off on tangents until he finally got back to the question. Pretty sure I attended one of those, waaay back in 2010
You go, Nana! The nephalem should feel proud to have you among their ranks! <3*Proud to be Nephalem*  :)
I don't care. I like hugs :D/r/wholesomememes in a nutshell.
I don't care. I like hugs :DWell then - have another!			*Nana internet hug*		That's two you got from me -- save one for tomorrow :)
Daw, im just kidding buddy. Good ta see ya around!
Man. Hats off to you for having such patience to participate in this kind of meme for years and years like you have. And on Reddit no less, the place that drives memes into the ground more than any other. Thanks but it's no big deal.
Question, every time someone responds to you with that joke, is your first thought annoyed or funny?Neither. It just is.
Why'd you stop? I miss the scorpion onesBeen preoccupied.
Ya know I've always kinda wanted to get one of those from youI am a river to my people.		_
At this point I'm just impressed this is still going. its been so many years6 years on Monday
Daddy... why did you eat my fries...Those were my fries. You didn't want any. You want fries, go buy fries.
Hey aren't you the guy who in 1998 threw Darth Plageuis "The Wise" off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcers table?I haven't heard of Darth Plagueis. 
Lol you boil to death?Egg-sactly. I sit and take it.
Lol you boil to death?No he turns gay 
Dying?I sit and take it.
And I'm happy to see you in this sub. It's probably my favourite. Right? Quick and easy feel-good pics.
Hey aren't you that guy from the WarLorax tree-speaking forums?Yes, yes I am.
And I get mistaken for WarToad or WarPhalange. Weird.Ah WarPhalange, I love that guy. 	We always hang out on the fingering section of the WarLizard gaming forums.
Wait a second! You're not that guy from the Warlizard gaming forums! u
Pretty sure I attended one of those, waaay back in 2010Question: How old are you that you feel 2010 beign waaaay back? Because in my experience people in their 30s still go into mild shock when people tell us 2007 was a decade ago and not like 2 years, tops.		I mean, we rationally KNOW it's been a decade, but it's like a large portion of the population had their mental calendar just **freeze** in 2000 and will forever feel the 90s like 10 years ago and the 80s barely 20.	
Well then - have another!			*Nana internet hug*		That's two you got from me -- save one for tomorrow :)Okay :D
I'M NOT
Thanks but it's no big deal.I mean, I'm sure he's use to it being from the forums and all
Neither. It just is.I seem to recall you being asked that YEARS ago, and it was annoying at first.	  	I'm glad to see times have changed! 	  	It's both comforting and horrifying that I've been on reddit for 9 years and I still see usernames that I recognize. Regularly. You're one of the few left in my mind that's part of the 'old school' reddit. 	  	Keep on keepin' on, man.
Been preoccupied.Hope all is well!
I am a river to my people.		_It is so weird that you became a little mini meme. Like I remember seeing it when I first started using reddit. 
Those were my fries. You didn't want any. You want fries, go buy fries.Wait I just looked at your username, I can't believe I didn't notice!		I used to love that gaming forum
I haven't heard of Darth Plagueis. It's not a story your forums would tell you.  It's a Sith legend.
Egg-sactly. I sit and take it.Well you have more willpower than I. That's for sure. Keep on keepin on
Yes, yes I am."I am the WarLorax. I speak for /r/trees. I speak for /r/trees for they're high as fuck."
Ah WarPhalange, I love that guy. 	We always hang out on the fingering section of the WarLizard gaming forums._
Question: How old are you that you feel 2010 beign waaaay back? Because in my experience people in their 30s still go into mild shock when people tell us 2007 was a decade ago and not like 2 years, tops.		I mean, we rationally KNOW it's been a decade, but it's like a large portion of the population had their mental calendar just **freeze** in 2000 and will forever feel the 90s like 10 years ago and the 80s barely 20.	Glad I'm not the only one.		I have a job where I record births and see the mother's birth date in the process and every time I see a woman born in '94 had a child I shake my head and sigh until I realize she's 23 and perfectly capable of being a mother by now.
Question: How old are you that you feel 2010 beign waaaay back? Because in my experience people in their 30s still go into mild shock when people tell us 2007 was a decade ago and not like 2 years, tops.		I mean, we rationally KNOW it's been a decade, but it's like a large portion of the population had their mental calendar just **freeze** in 2000 and will forever feel the 90s like 10 years ago and the 80s barely 20.	Ugggghhhhh, it really was a decade ago. I shouldn't be 33. I still feel like I should be in my late teens/early 20's just, you know, with a wife, 2 kids, and my own house. 
Okay :D  :)
I'M NOThttp://i.imgur.com/bgoN3hl.gifv
I mean, I'm sure he's use to it being from the forums and all_
I seem to recall you being asked that YEARS ago, and it was annoying at first.	  	I'm glad to see times have changed! 	  	It's both comforting and horrifying that I've been on reddit for 9 years and I still see usernames that I recognize. Regularly. You're one of the few left in my mind that's part of the 'old school' reddit. 	  	Keep on keepin' on, man.Most have gone dark.
Hope all is well!:)
It is so weird that you became a little mini meme. Like I remember seeing it when I first started using reddit. Yeah, having mild name recognition -- that's the pinnacle of my Reddit achievement.
Wait I just looked at your username, I can't believe I didn't notice!		I used to love that gaming forum_
Well you have more willpower than I. That's for sure. Keep on keepin onAlways.
Glad I'm not the only one.		I have a job where I record births and see the mother's birth date in the process and every time I see a woman born in '94 had a child I shake my head and sigh until I realize she's 23 and perfectly capable of being a mother by now.[deleted]
Ugggghhhhh, it really was a decade ago. I shouldn't be 33. I still feel like I should be in my late teens/early 20's just, you know, with a wife, 2 kids, and my own house. Does every generation go through this? I'm 32 so I know exactly how you feel... 		Like , were 30 year old's in the 80's shocked that the 70's were a decade ago?
http://i.imgur.com/bgoN3hl.gifvThat's the funniest one I've seen yet!		I am saving that one.
http://i.imgur.com/bgoN3hl.gifvOh you think you're fucking cool by posting that gif as a response? Because you are. 
http://i.imgur.com/bgoN3hl.gifvFucking awesome, I needed that giggle today.
Yeah, having mild name recognition -- that's the pinnacle of my Reddit achievement.Better than what I've gotten: people mad at the stupid shit I type.
Yeah, having mild name recognition -- that's the pinnacle of my Reddit achievement.I'm not sure how to feel making it this deep into the comments and still having no clue who this dude is.		Edit: so it seems like he's a Warlizard. TIL 
