Always be there to help if you can!Remember to never drive tired! Wholesomeness is good and healthy, but know your limit and stay within it.
Always be there to help if you can!On the other hand, make sure you exercise healthy boundaries. Your S/O should respect your decision if you have good reason.
Always be there to help if you can!I wish there was more of this in the dating world. Then again, my taste in men has been questionable for quite some time now... Lol 
Always be there to help if you can![removed]
Always be there to help if you can!It would be more wholesome if she came over since he's tired and she's kind of imposing a little tbh.
Always be there to help if you can![removed]
Always be there to help if you can!Can confirm. I've done this.	One of my friends has these moments of genius and I've spent hours up in the middle of the night with him on his rants and flows of genius.
Always be there to help if you can![removed]
Always be there to help if you can!This is weird. Been browsing this subreddit for some long hours and I'm already slightly creeped out by this unnatural cult-like niceness.		If it's working out for you guys, good for you. But this place feels fake to me. Sorry.
Always be there to help if you can!When r/iamverysmart meets r/wholesomememes
Remember to never drive tired! Wholesomeness is good and healthy, but know your limit and stay within it.Also always obey all traffic laws. Driving recklessly endangers more people than just yourself!
Remember to never drive tired! Wholesomeness is good and healthy, but know your limit and stay within it.This is very important. I lost a good friend of mine recently to falling asleep behind the wheel, please don't do the same. Whatever you're doing is never more important than your life or someone else's. 
Remember to never drive tired! Wholesomeness is good and healthy, but know your limit and stay within it.That's sleepy tired instead of exhausted from working tired
On the other hand, make sure you exercise healthy boundaries. Your S/O should respect your decision if you have good reason.And also you cant just be summoned over like a dog anytime they want to talk about them. As long as there's no dependency / expectation for them to say yes this is nice and wholesome :)
I wish there was more of this in the dating world. Then again, my taste in men has been questionable for quite some time now... Lol Don't worry you'll find someone it clicks with soon!
I wish there was more of this in the dating world. Then again, my taste in men has been questionable for quite some time now... Lol You want my insight on that? *jumps in car*
I wish there was more of this in the dating world. Then again, my taste in men has been questionable for quite some time now... Lol My girlfriend is such a good listener. It makes me aspire to be a better listener. Don't give up hope, you'll find your perfect listener!
I wish there was more of this in the dating world. Then again, my taste in men has been questionable for quite some time now... Lol don't wish, go out and find him!
I wish there was more of this in the dating world. Then again, my taste in men has been questionable for quite some time now... Lol I had a lot of relationships like this. I finally realized I haven't been picky enough. 		I no longer give the benefit of the doubt early on, think they'll get better, or stick with a relationship that I'm not really feeling. If I can't talk to them about the stuff that interests me, and if I don't want to listen to them doing the same, then I say, before the third date, that this isn't going anywhere. Since then, I've found people I'm so much more compatible with because I don't waste time on people I don't have the kind of chemistry I desire with. 		Now I just stick with people who are supportive, caring, and willing to make the same sacrifices for me as I am for them. And I've learned, there's a hell of a lot more people out there like that than you'd expect, if you don't waste any time on the people who aren't worth it. Or maybe they're worth it to someone else, but they can't provide what I'm looking for. 
I wish there was more of this in the dating world. Then again, my taste in men has been questionable for quite some time now... Lol *in a James May voice*		....Hello.
I wish there was more of this in the dating world. Then again, my taste in men has been questionable for quite some time now... Lol Wish I could say, "I'm like that." But I objectively know I'm not. That's how I want to be. Instead, most of the time when I talk to people, I do try to listen, but I have this instinct to jump in for every random thought I have. And I have a lot. My brain makes weird connections.		I've met people like this. I wouldn't say it gets better as you get older, as some people learn and some people don't, but it's often worse when you're younger. Most of the people I knew when I was younger didn't even try to listen to other people's views, not really.		Work on who you're friends with and what kind of people you talk to. Make certain to start conversations where people can share views. Look for who welcomes input and who tries to railroad or derail conversations. The ones who welcome input are more likely to listen and reason well and be more likely to have good interpersonal skills. The ones who derail or railroad (like me), might need some work yet. You would be a better judge as to when you should or should not bring up that kind of thing with the person, but if you're just looking for people to get to know, that may be less of an issue. Good luck on it moving forward.
[removed]Up to and including the occasional rim job.
[removed]maybe they're just close friends?
[removed]Yeah, it started happening a few weeks ago and then it died out again. Was hoping we were past it.
[removed]Respecting women is a meme
Can confirm. I've done this.	One of my friends has these moments of genius and I've spent hours up in the middle of the night with him on his rants and flows of genius.That's awesome! I hope everything your friend comes up with is fruitful! 
Some wholesomely dank stuff right here. Dom Toretto would approve.Almost as wholesome as the crisp refreshing taste of Corona
[removed][removed]
This is weird. Been browsing this subreddit for some long hours and I'm already slightly creeped out by this unnatural cult-like niceness.		If it's working out for you guys, good for you. But this place feels fake to me. Sorry.I see how you could think that. For what it's worth, although people are outrageously nice here, I don't feel that it's fake niceness. I think some people have a lot of kindness in them that they often have to suppress in the real world for fear of getting taken advantage of or seeming overly familiar, manipulative, weird, or just fake like you say. So I think a lot of us here are just enjoying the opportunity to be genuinely kind and uplifting to each other.  		For me at least, it's really refreshing and relieving to have a space where treating each other with all this compassion is welcome and accepted, kind of like a haven on an internet where strangers being cruel to each other just for the hell of it is pretty much expected.
This is weird. Been browsing this subreddit for some long hours and I'm already slightly creeped out by this unnatural cult-like niceness.		If it's working out for you guys, good for you. But this place feels fake to me. Sorry.Fake it til ya make it baby! 		...Even a fake smile and support is better than succumbing to your inner depression and nihilism :( 
This is weird. Been browsing this subreddit for some long hours and I'm already slightly creeped out by this unnatural cult-like niceness.		If it's working out for you guys, good for you. But this place feels fake to me. Sorry.Yeah that's fair, I've noticed on this sub people correct each other's already insanely wholesome comments to try to play Dr. Perfect and it's very irritating. The general vibes in this place are nice though
This is weird. Been browsing this subreddit for some long hours and I'm already slightly creeped out by this unnatural cult-like niceness.		If it's working out for you guys, good for you. But this place feels fake to me. Sorry.This place started out by being just genuinely friendly, but now I kind of feel as though it's becoming way over-the-top or a parody of itself.  I'm concerned, but optimistic that the ship can right itself.
When r/iamverysmart meets r/wholesomememesWords like "vision," "idea," and "insight" do not an /r/iamverysmart post make. The meme is just a fun way to express that the partner values their companion's thoughts and opinions and is willing to sacrifice their own time to help them explore those ideas, which is a dynamic we can all stand behind :).
Also always obey all traffic laws. Driving recklessly endangers more people than just yourself!So, are you saying to not drive fast and furious?
Also always obey all traffic laws. Driving recklessly endangers more people than just yourself!Also, try to avoid getting angry at bad drivers. It's not worth it to raise your blood pressure and stress over something that doesn't matter. 
That's sleepy tired instead of exhausted from working tiredIt's both. If you're sleepy, you may lose consciousness or at least have a worse reaction time or notice less while driving. All of these can be dangerous, especially falling asleep while driving. So it is very important to never drive while sleepy.		However, being physically tired such as from exercise, manual labor, or a number of other possible origins may lead one to lose focus or be unable to react appropriately while on the road and should also be avoided unless necessary.		Some people do know their limits, and I'm not saying you have to be fully rested and relaxed to drive. But please use proper judgement in both of these and other situations. Remember that cars carry a large momentum and should be respected as the dangerous but useful tool that they are. When needed, call a friend, a taxi, an Uber, or save a little gas and support your local public transportation system. But whatever you do, be safe out there and have a great day!
belongs to r/niceguysI don't believe it does. /r/niceguys is generally reserved for posts relating to men who believe that they are entitled to sexual relationships with women purely for treating them respectfully (as everyone should be treated). 
Don't worry you'll find someone it clicks with soon!Thanks! :)
Don't worry you'll find someone it clicks with soon!This subreddit is so nice!
You want my insight on that? *jumps in car*Hey man, can we carpool? Nothing like thinking about the environment first!
Up to and including the occasional rim job.Beyond that, even. If two consenting adults are openly interested in sharing some kind of kink between the two of them, we have no place to judge them for what makes them feel good as long as the acts don't cause any lasting damage to one's body or mind.
maybe they're just close friends?Actually it sounds like she's trying to pitch him a 'business opportunity' in a pyramid scheme
Yeah, it started happening a few weeks ago and then it died out again. Was hoping we were past it.Any posts in particular that come to mind? I enjoy this classic wholesomememe, but can appreciate how it might come across weirdly. I like to think all posts here are wholesome, but some do make me go hmm.
I know this isn't necessarily wholesome, but your friend might have undiagnosed bi-polar disorder.  Just something to consider.As someone who actually has bipolar, this is not nearly enough to even come close to suggesting it is bipolar. DSM-V criteria, while not perfect, does say you need to first check if the behavior could be attributed to anything, and there's 1000 other reasons someone might due this that have nothing to due with bipolar. 		People attribute shit to bipolar that they shouldn't all the time. It's one of the most misunderstood disorders and the way people trivialize it over little things like this makes people take it less seriously when I say I have it. 		Sorry, I'm not trying to be a dick or take away from the wholesomeness, but this is a very, very serious disorder. People die from it. People destroy their lives because of it. And it's both frustrating and hurtful to have the disorder I have tried to kill myself over taken down to the level of "I rant at my friends at midnight." 
So, are you saying to not drive fast and furious?Drive safely and calmly.
So, are you saying to not drive fast and furious?There's a reason they haven't made 8 movies about the calm and the responsible
So, are you saying to not drive fast and furious?What is this, some kind of... Safety Squad?
So, are you saying to not drive fast and furious?Not Fast Nor Furious 
Also, try to avoid getting angry at bad drivers. It's not worth it to raise your blood pressure and stress over something that doesn't matter. Not to mention the extra wear and tear on your car 
I don't believe it does. /r/niceguys is generally reserved for posts relating to men who believe that they are entitled to sexual relationships with women purely for treating them respectfully (as everyone should be treated). Nice comment right there.
Thanks! :)And even if you don't, that's okay too :)
Beyond that, even. If two consenting adults are openly interested in sharing some kind of kink between the two of them, we have no place to judge them for what makes them feel good as long as the acts don't cause any lasting damage to one's body or mind.This comment is so wholesome.
Actually it sounds like she's trying to pitch him a 'business opportunity' in a pyramid schemeWhile he's trying to pitch a tent
Any posts in particular that come to mind? I enjoy this classic wholesomememe, but can appreciate how it might come across weirdly. I like to think all posts here are wholesome, but some do make me go hmm.The desire to fuck the shit out of each other is not inherently unwholesome.
Any posts in particular that come to mind? I enjoy this classic wholesomememe, but can appreciate how it might come across weirdly. I like to think all posts here are wholesome, but some do make me go hmm.I get a similar vibe to the post about going to a party because "there are woman there that need to be respected", like the comment above me says, sex isn't unwholesome and people should be expected to respect one another.
Drive safely and calmly.The Safe and the Calm  	2 Safe 2 Calm  	The Safe and the Calm: Tokyo Slight Left Turn  	Safe & Calm  	Safe Five  	Safe & Calm 6  	Calm 7  	The Satiety of the Calm
Drive safely and calmly.[removed]
And even if you don't, that's okay too :)So wholesomememes
And even if you don't, that's okay too :)"All-conquering, all-knowing, intelligent; with regard to all things, 	unadhering; all-abandoning, released in the ending of craving: him I call a man who lives 			alone."		SN 21.10
[removed]I'm sorry that you think people here are fake. I've seen some negative, sarcastic or otherwise un-wholesome comments before - but the majority of people on this sub are genuine and just trying to make this world a little happier :)
[removed][removed]
The desire to fuck the shit out of each other is not inherently unwholesome.Damn right. 
The Safe and the Calm  	2 Safe 2 Calm  	The Safe and the Calm: Tokyo Slight Left Turn  	Safe & Calm  	Safe Five  	Safe & Calm 6  	Calm 7  	The Satiety of the CalmSlow and calm after 9	Slow and hands at 10 and 2
The Safe and the Calm  	2 Safe 2 Calm  	The Safe and the Calm: Tokyo Slight Left Turn  	Safe & Calm  	Safe Five  	Safe & Calm 6  	Calm 7  	The Satiety of the Calm Your wholesome post made me smile, thank you friendo. 
The Safe and the Calm  	2 Safe 2 Calm  	The Safe and the Calm: Tokyo Slight Left Turn  	Safe & Calm  	Safe Five  	Safe & Calm 6  	Calm 7  	The Satiety of the CalmFast-ten your seat belts!
[removed]Isn't it good that everyone stays well, after all?
So wholesomememesWholesomecomments
Isn't it good that everyone stays well, after all?I fucking love you guys
WholesomecommentsCome for the memes, stay for the comments!
[removed]Well, nobody is keeping you here, so if you don't want to be here, or think that we are fake or whatever, you can go ahead and leave :)		Unsubscribe, do whatever you need to in order to get away from our "creepiness". But always know that you are special and loved by someone!
I fucking love you guysShh, no words... Only cuddles.
