Dogs understandMy dog does this every damn time and it's ridiculously cute how determined she is to make friends with every human she passes but I always get anxious that I'll pass someone who's scared of dogs and slightly inconvenience them for a few seconds. But I can't explain that to my doggo. She thinks I'm just preventing her from making friends :(
Dogs understandHe loves me for who I am :) Dogs are the best, friends!
Dogs understandThe other day on my daily walk with my coworkers we encountered a very adorable dog. We asked if we could pet it and the owner said sure and the dog immediately flopped over so we could all pet his belly and his little tail was wagging so hard and I swear he had a little doggo smile on his face and we just all went back to work in the best mood! 
Dogs understandDogs are the shit.
Dogs understandThat always brightens my day too.		Dogs are all the best parts of humans because we've bred them for the traits we wished we had.
Dogs understandThis was me the other day. I was walking past this adorable (slightly chubby) lab, and all I was thinking was how much I wanted to pet him. Well I guess he wanted me to pet him just as much, because he lurched for me as I walked past. I took it as a sign, asked for permission, and then pet the doggo. :)
Dogs understandMy shiba is a total ladies man - he always wants pets from girls but didn't care too much when a guy walked by.
Dogs understandMine is when I come home and my roommate's dog sees me,  she gets this big silly grin and runs at me full speed like I am the most amazing person on Earth and she can't stand to not be near me for one more second. It makes me feel awesome :) 
Dogs understandMy doggy friend came to visit me today, and I had forgotten to unlock the front door so there was a delay in greeting him upon arrival. I could hear him eagerly whining and scratching at the door until I got it open I haven't felt so wanted all month.
Dogs understandThere's a big ole' 9-month Great Dane at the office next to mine. I saw him as a puppy at 5mos, he's now this giant gangly goof. 		The problem with Danes is that they're just too damn sweet, a little dog in a big dog's body. He sees someone he doesn't know, he barks because he wants to find out more and be your friend. Problem is, magilla over here doesn't figure out that he's got a big dog's bark, so everyone just wonders what the hell is going on.
Dogs understandThat's like a dog saying "Bro, do you want to be friends?"		And I'm like "You bet your ass I want to be friends."
Dogs understandMe too! I almost feel ashamed like I don't wanna anger their owner for takin attention away from them, buttt Awww hey! how are you! ok I love you too byeeee! I may or may not being able to understand dog I'm not sure yet I'll get back to you <3
Dogs understandMy dog just does this because she hates me and wants to escape 
My dog does this every damn time and it's ridiculously cute how determined she is to make friends with every human she passes but I always get anxious that I'll pass someone who's scared of dogs and slightly inconvenience them for a few seconds. But I can't explain that to my doggo. She thinks I'm just preventing her from making friends :(It's ok. I'm scared of large dogs, but if a responsible owner like yourself is being vigiliant I don't mind so much	 I admire the cute doggos and puppers from afar.
My dog does this every damn time and it's ridiculously cute how determined she is to make friends with every human she passes but I always get anxious that I'll pass someone who's scared of dogs and slightly inconvenience them for a few seconds. But I can't explain that to my doggo. She thinks I'm just preventing her from making friends :(I have sorta the opposite reaction. I want to pet the dogs that come up to me, but I'm afraid the owner wouldn't like it.
My dog does this every damn time and it's ridiculously cute how determined she is to make friends with every human she passes but I always get anxious that I'll pass someone who's scared of dogs and slightly inconvenience them for a few seconds. But I can't explain that to my doggo. She thinks I'm just preventing her from making friends :(My dogs do it too, but the thing is, they also want to be friends with every squirrel and car they see.
My dog does this every damn time and it's ridiculously cute how determined she is to make friends with every human she passes but I always get anxious that I'll pass someone who's scared of dogs and slightly inconvenience them for a few seconds. But I can't explain that to my doggo. She thinks I'm just preventing her from making friends :(My dog does the opposite; she doesn't care about people who don't have food.  I always feel bad for people who go to pet her and get snubbed; I want to explain each time that it isn't them   
My dog does this every damn time and it's ridiculously cute how determined she is to make friends with every human she passes but I always get anxious that I'll pass someone who's scared of dogs and slightly inconvenience them for a few seconds. But I can't explain that to my doggo. She thinks I'm just preventing her from making friends :(If someone looks like they could be avoiding but I can't really tell, I always tell her aloud "not everyone wants to be your friend, baby." And either the person keeps walking or they come up to her. Makes it easier to gauge how the other person is, without invading their space or making them scared. 
My dog does this every damn time and it's ridiculously cute how determined she is to make friends with every human she passes but I always get anxious that I'll pass someone who's scared of dogs and slightly inconvenience them for a few seconds. But I can't explain that to my doggo. She thinks I'm just preventing her from making friends :(I was scared of big dogs for a long time after being bitten as a child - the ones on leashes with an attentive owner not the ones that scared me. Especially if they had that goofy grin and a blurry tail. Even as a kid I understood "happy dog". It was the loose ones or the ones that would run up to fences snarling. 
My dog does this every damn time and it's ridiculously cute how determined she is to make friends with every human she passes but I always get anxious that I'll pass someone who's scared of dogs and slightly inconvenience them for a few seconds. But I can't explain that to my doggo. She thinks I'm just preventing her from making friends :(I used to walk dogs in an animal shelter, and there was one that was super hyperactive in her kennel. I usually let other people walk those dogs because it's really difficult to get the harness on and to control them outside, but I was specifically requested to do so one time. Turns out, she was really nice outside, and instead of running around uncontrollably, all she wanted was to go up and say Hi and get pets from EVERYONE. Love that dog.  		Edit: [pic](https://imgur.com/Rn0qexO) of the doggo during my first walk with her. 
He loves me for who I am :) Dogs are the best, friends!> Dogs are the best, friends!		And dogs are the best friends!
The other day on my daily walk with my coworkers we encountered a very adorable dog. We asked if we could pet it and the owner said sure and the dog immediately flopped over so we could all pet his belly and his little tail was wagging so hard and I swear he had a little doggo smile on his face and we just all went back to work in the best mood! As someone who has a cute dog that everyone stops ([not bragging; really adorable with floppy ears](http://imgur.com/a/WBu54)) I love when this happens. My dog brings me so much joy and I want others to experience that too.
Dogs are the shit.I thought you said dogs are shit. I was about to go full keyboard warrior
That always brightens my day too.		Dogs are all the best parts of humans because we've bred them for the traits we wished we had.That's a pretty mindblowing thing to say u/TiredPaedo 
My shiba is a total ladies man - he always wants pets from girls but didn't care too much when a guy walked by.Best wingman ever.
It's ok. I'm scared of large dogs, but if a responsible owner like yourself is being vigiliant I don't mind so much	 I admire the cute doggos and puppers from afar.I was mauled by one when I was young so I get kinda jumpy, but after that initial ptsd response I'll love and pet the shit out of any doggo. 		I don't think there's any other creature on Earth that could have done that to me and still have me so trusting and full of love for them
I have sorta the opposite reaction. I want to pet the dogs that come up to me, but I'm afraid the owner wouldn't like it.Ask! People are usually okay with it!
I have sorta the opposite reaction. I want to pet the dogs that come up to me, but I'm afraid the owner wouldn't like it.Maybe it's just confirmation bias, but the ones with "scary" breeds seem the most tickled and delighted when you want to pet their dogs. My neighbor has a pibble that he says always gets sad when people don't want to let her love them.
My dog does the opposite; she doesn't care about people who don't have food.  I always feel bad for people who go to pet her and get snubbed; I want to explain each time that it isn't them   I've found it funny when people try to approach my service dog without permission.  She won't even climb into my lap when she has her cape on, and will full on turn her head away from people if they try to pet her when she's working.  They always look so offended, but I don't feel bad at all.  		Two seconds later after I take her cape off, she's all up in their business wanting pets.  
I was scared of big dogs for a long time after being bitten as a child - the ones on leashes with an attentive owner not the ones that scared me. Especially if they had that goofy grin and a blurry tail. Even as a kid I understood "happy dog". It was the loose ones or the ones that would run up to fences snarling. This took me 5 attempts to read, so if you don't mind, I'm going to rephrase it so that others like me may understand better.  		> I was scared of big dogs for a long time after being bitten as a child, but not the ones on leashes with an attentive owner (especially if they had that goofy grin and a blurry tail, even as a kid I understood what a happy dog looked like). I was only scared of the loose ones or the ones that would run up to fences snarling.  
> Dogs are the best, friends!		And dogs are the best friends!And let us not, dear friends, forget our dear friends the cuttlefish.
As someone who has a cute dog that everyone stops ([not bragging; really adorable with floppy ears](http://imgur.com/a/WBu54)) I love when this happens. My dog brings me so much joy and I want others to experience that too.That picture brought me joy, what a cutie! Please pet ur dog for me. 
As someone who has a cute dog that everyone stops ([not bragging; really adorable with floppy ears](http://imgur.com/a/WBu54)) I love when this happens. My dog brings me so much joy and I want others to experience that too.Why aren't you bragging? That dog is adorable enough to be worth bragging about. 
I thought you said dogs are shit. I was about to go full keyboard warriorThere's gotta be a dog themed navy seal pasta out there for future reference
That's a pretty mindblowing thing to say u/TiredPaedo Thank you?
What kind of dog is she? A beagle 
I was mauled by one when I was young so I get kinda jumpy, but after that initial ptsd response I'll love and pet the shit out of any doggo. 		I don't think there's any other creature on Earth that could have done that to me and still have me so trusting and full of love for themAlmost the same here, I was chased and came very close to getting mauled by my scummy stoner neighbour's badly treated big dog when I was about 5. The only reason I didn't get seriously injured is because my cat heard me scream and happened to be really protective of her humans (she hurt the dog enough for it to go away and then just sat there licking my hand and feeling sorry for my inability to defend myself).		After that, I was absolutely terrified of dogs for years, even the super cute ones I wanted to pet. I just couldn't get close to any big dogs and would cross the road to avoid them. Then one day, my girlfriend's childhood border collie had to come live with us for various reasons and he decided I was his absolute favourite person. He'd always try to cuddle into me any time I was on the bed and refused to leave me behind when going anywhere. He loved me into not being scared of dogs anymore and I'm so grateful for that because I have years of doggo missing out to catch up on.		Everyone who's scared of dogs deserves to have a Skipper make them realise that they're all good boys deep down even if some of them have bad owners. 
Maybe it's just confirmation bias, but the ones with "scary" breeds seem the most tickled and delighted when you want to pet their dogs. My neighbor has a pibble that he says always gets sad when people don't want to let her love them.The only dog I don't snuggle unconditionally is the chow. Great dogs, don't get me wrong but they tend to have one owner and are icy towards everyone else. Washed dogs for a while and the only dog I ever saw attack a groomer was a chow. 
This took me 5 attempts to read, so if you don't mind, I'm going to rephrase it so that others like me may understand better.  		> I was scared of big dogs for a long time after being bitten as a child, but not the ones on leashes with an attentive owner (especially if they had that goofy grin and a blurry tail, even as a kid I understood what a happy dog looked like). I was only scared of the loose ones or the ones that would run up to fences snarling.  That will teach me to post while medicated. The post made sense to me at the time, but I can definitely see the difference in clarity. 		Thanks!
And let us not, dear friends, forget our dear friends the cuttlefish.What about deer Friends?
And let us not, dear friends, forget our dear friends the cuttlefish.I am not a native english speaking person so I had to google cuttlefish. He is super cute!
That picture brought me joy, what a cutie! Please pet ur dog for me. Done! He sighed contentedly. 
Why aren't you bragging? That dog is adorable enough to be worth bragging about. I hit the rescue lottery with him. Such a good boy. And he loves people. And belly rubs. and having his ears stroked. 
There's gotta be a dog themed navy seal pasta out there for future reference[well](https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/4h317l/top_dog/) this is the closest i found.
Thank you?You're welcome?
Almost the same here, I was chased and came very close to getting mauled by my scummy stoner neighbour's badly treated big dog when I was about 5. The only reason I didn't get seriously injured is because my cat heard me scream and happened to be really protective of her humans (she hurt the dog enough for it to go away and then just sat there licking my hand and feeling sorry for my inability to defend myself).		After that, I was absolutely terrified of dogs for years, even the super cute ones I wanted to pet. I just couldn't get close to any big dogs and would cross the road to avoid them. Then one day, my girlfriend's childhood border collie had to come live with us for various reasons and he decided I was his absolute favourite person. He'd always try to cuddle into me any time I was on the bed and refused to leave me behind when going anywhere. He loved me into not being scared of dogs anymore and I'm so grateful for that because I have years of doggo missing out to catch up on.		Everyone who's scared of dogs deserves to have a Skipper make them realise that they're all good boys deep down even if some of them have bad owners. Your cat is a motherfucking badass 
Almost the same here, I was chased and came very close to getting mauled by my scummy stoner neighbour's badly treated big dog when I was about 5. The only reason I didn't get seriously injured is because my cat heard me scream and happened to be really protective of her humans (she hurt the dog enough for it to go away and then just sat there licking my hand and feeling sorry for my inability to defend myself).		After that, I was absolutely terrified of dogs for years, even the super cute ones I wanted to pet. I just couldn't get close to any big dogs and would cross the road to avoid them. Then one day, my girlfriend's childhood border collie had to come live with us for various reasons and he decided I was his absolute favourite person. He'd always try to cuddle into me any time I was on the bed and refused to leave me behind when going anywhere. He loved me into not being scared of dogs anymore and I'm so grateful for that because I have years of doggo missing out to catch up on.		Everyone who's scared of dogs deserves to have a Skipper make them realise that they're all good boys deep down even if some of them have bad owners. This story is so beautiful, even your awesome brave kitty 
Almost the same here, I was chased and came very close to getting mauled by my scummy stoner neighbour's badly treated big dog when I was about 5. The only reason I didn't get seriously injured is because my cat heard me scream and happened to be really protective of her humans (she hurt the dog enough for it to go away and then just sat there licking my hand and feeling sorry for my inability to defend myself).		After that, I was absolutely terrified of dogs for years, even the super cute ones I wanted to pet. I just couldn't get close to any big dogs and would cross the road to avoid them. Then one day, my girlfriend's childhood border collie had to come live with us for various reasons and he decided I was his absolute favourite person. He'd always try to cuddle into me any time I was on the bed and refused to leave me behind when going anywhere. He loved me into not being scared of dogs anymore and I'm so grateful for that because I have years of doggo missing out to catch up on.		Everyone who's scared of dogs deserves to have a Skipper make them realise that they're all good boys deep down even if some of them have bad owners. Is [this](http://i.imgur.com/gallery/5DJNj0U) your cat?
Almost the same here, I was chased and came very close to getting mauled by my scummy stoner neighbour's badly treated big dog when I was about 5. The only reason I didn't get seriously injured is because my cat heard me scream and happened to be really protective of her humans (she hurt the dog enough for it to go away and then just sat there licking my hand and feeling sorry for my inability to defend myself).		After that, I was absolutely terrified of dogs for years, even the super cute ones I wanted to pet. I just couldn't get close to any big dogs and would cross the road to avoid them. Then one day, my girlfriend's childhood border collie had to come live with us for various reasons and he decided I was his absolute favourite person. He'd always try to cuddle into me any time I was on the bed and refused to leave me behind when going anywhere. He loved me into not being scared of dogs anymore and I'm so grateful for that because I have years of doggo missing out to catch up on.		Everyone who's scared of dogs deserves to have a Skipper make them realise that they're all good boys deep down even if some of them have bad owners. I'm sorry for your traumatic experience. I truly believe dogs, and many animals can read our emotions, border collies are very intelligent dogs. I'd like to believe Skipper felt that in you and smothered you with love for that very reason. Like he knew that big dog left you with a bad taste in your mouth. 	P.s. your cat is a badass
The only dog I don't snuggle unconditionally is the chow. Great dogs, don't get me wrong but they tend to have one owner and are icy towards everyone else. Washed dogs for a while and the only dog I ever saw attack a groomer was a chow. That's just knowing and respecting the boundaries of the breed. 
What about deer Friends?What about our dear friends, like you and me?
Done! He sighed contentedly. Excellent.
Done! He sighed contentedly. Now do it again for me
I hit the rescue lottery with him. Such a good boy. And he loves people. And belly rubs. and having his ears stroked. My service dog will fall over for anybody.  It's kind of funny to watch people when they first meet her.  They bend over to pet her, she sits down and starts to lean against their leg and they go "awwww" and keep petting... and then she just... keeps leaning, ends up on her belly.  I try to warn them that she will melt and make them late for their next appointment, but they never seem to listen. 
[well](https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/4h317l/top_dog/) this is the closest i found.Well I'm glad you understood what 'navy seal pasta' meant. I'd completely forgotten that meme. 
You're welcome?Sometimes I'm not sure if people mean what I think they mean.
Your cat is a motherfucking badass She really was. I'm convinced she thought I was her retarded overgrown kitten. 
Is [this](http://i.imgur.com/gallery/5DJNj0U) your cat?I was half expecting that early 2000's picture of a cat with a golden AK47.
What about our dear friends, like you and me?And what about our precious mole people who live in the sewers?
Now do it again for meI'll give him a good five minutes of ear scratches for you all!
Sometimes I'm not sure if people mean what I think they mean.Your parent comment was lovely. 
And what about our alligator friends who eat the moles in the sewer?And what about our robots? DON'T YOU ADMIRE ROBOTS FELLOW NON ROBOT HUMAN?
