Dancing manThis is one of my favorite stories of the internet doing good.		*edit* - Thanks for the gold- you guys are the best. I'll pay it forward.
Dancing manDude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?
Dancing manIn my dreams he met his wife among those 1700 ladies. 
Dancing manI wish the world worked like this more often. This guy clearly got what he deserved in the best kind of way. Rock on Dancing Man!
Dancing manOh my god his look of shame in that second panel is making a huge lump in my throat :((( I'm glad he's happy now but damn, I am really choked up just thinking about how awful he must have felt in that moment. I am seriously trying so hard not to cry :((( whoever took the photo is a scummy, SMALL BULLY! Fuck bullies. Fuck every last one of them.
Dancing manMad props to Cassandra! Seems like a sweet girl.		We need more genuinely caring people in this world
Dancing manIt's so awesome that we can use the power of the internet to connect with, and make others lives better! 
Dancing manI've seen the story when it happened, a few years ago, but it was just the first pictures. And it just made me mad, how and why were people so mean - and worst of all, proud of it and boasting of their cruelty!		I never knew he was found. I mean, I hoped so, and as there was a huge commotion and a lot of people tried to spread the "invitation" I believed he was eventually found. But I have never had any confirmation of that. Until now.		Seeing those last pictures made me so happy. This story that I didn't even remember suddenly came back to me and with closure. I wonder how he is now. 		Godspeed, dancing man. Godspeed.
Dancing manOK, so you just made my eyes leak.  I have never danced in public because of my assumption of all being those who laugh and make fun of people like dancing man and me.  Very nice to know there are those out there who support the spirit within. :_)
Dancing manPretty sure most of the 4channers were just as appalled as everyone else if I remember the thread correctly.
Dancing manFirst time I saw the first two pictures I cried so hard.  His body language in the second picture stills makes me cry.  As a man who was 5 ft 61/2 inches (when you're 5 61/2 you count the half) and 308 lbs I can relate with him and never felt good looking enough to dance.  I would go to the clubs with friends and they would dance with women and I would just stand against the wall or stay bellied up to the bar.  The ending of his story was so beautiful and reminded me how amazing people can be.  Started watching my portions and my intake, I'm down 53 lbs from then, but still 5 61/2. 
Dancing manDefinitely my favourite wholesome post on the internet. Rock on dancing man!
Dancing manHello! This is just a quick reminder for new friendos to [read our subreddit rules.](/r/wholesomememes/about/sidebar)		>**Rule 4:** Please do not troll, harass, or be generally rude to your fellow users.		We're trusting you to be wholesome while in /r/wholesomememes, so please don't let us down. We believe in you!		^(Please stop by the rest of the) [^Wholesome ^Network ^Of ^Subreddits](http://www.reddit.com/u/awkwardtheturtle/m/wholesome)  ^also.		
Dancing manI remember the first time I saw that original image and it absolutely broke my heart. The look of defeat on his face just kills me. I'm SO happy this had a happy ending. Maybe those bullies will think twice next time!
Dancing man4chan getting rekt? What a nice day
Dancing manNever stop dancing, big man. 
Dancing manSo amazing, I would love to dance with him.
Dancing manI love when the internet comes together to do good deeds 
Dancing manThat was awesome. Reminds me of one of my favorite song lyrics, from Macklemore's "And We Danced:"			"I am not, I am not going to stand on the wall		I will dance, I will dance, I will break that ass off		And I see you in the corner, corner looking so small		Doing the robot like, if I die tonight, *at least I went hard*		I will not, I will not give a damn who watches me		I will live, I will live, liberate the fox in me"
Dancing manI'm glad they found him! But I feel so bad that he ever got laughed at. I am on the verge of tears, here.
Dancing manOn the wholesome note. I was so drunk, sorry didn't see the rest. I'm glad this guy had fun also I love this sub 
Dancing manI really hope a certain Men Without Hats song got played that night. 
Dancing manThat is absolutely amazing.
Dancing manSorry guys I'm drunk. Didn't see the rest 
Dancing man[removed]
Hello! What a nice post! I hope everyone is having an excellent day. Please be sure to share it with us at  /r/UnexpectedlyWholesome also! We'd love to see you there.		[Thanks! I appreciate you all.](http://i.imgur.com/hbgtV4y.gifv) 			*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wholesomememes) if you have any questions or concerns.*I always upvote you Mr Bot. You're awesome.
This is one of my favorite stories of the internet doing good.		*edit* - Thanks for the gold- you guys are the best. I'll pay it forward.Same here. It almost brings a tear to my eye every time I see it. Freedom of expression is integral to human happiness and those that seek to suppress it in others are normally the worst kind of person.
This is one of my favorite stories of the internet doing good.		*edit* - Thanks for the gold- you guys are the best. I'll pay it forward.Ditto! The first time I read this story those first two pictures make me cry. His body language just screams dejection and embarrassment. It really made me hate those assholes that get joy out of humiliating others, it's sick.	I love that people really came together for a good cause, it definitely shows that there are so many good, kindhearted people out there!
This is one of my favorite stories of the internet doing good.		*edit* - Thanks for the gold- you guys are the best. I'll pay it forward.To be fair though, the whole problem was caused by the Internet doing bad
This is one of my favorite stories of the internet doing good.		*edit* - Thanks for the gold- you guys are the best. I'll pay it forward.It's great to see people do something special for one another. I'm so glad this guy was rewarded for being himself.
This is one of my favorite stories of the internet doing good.		*edit* - Thanks for the gold- you guys are the best. I'll pay it forward.I knew what it was before I clicked on it but I read it all just because it's so nice.
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?Heck yes it is.		>When it's time to party, we will party hard.
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?Andrew WK, one fun s.o.b:		https://youtu.be/EqOTU89cgC4		
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?Is he the one that used to blow stuff up on Cartoon Network?
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?Andrew WK wasn't invited, notified, or even in the same continent as the party that day.  But when the party started, he was there.  Because that's just how Andrew WK is.  The worthiest parties have him in attendance, no exceptions made for the laws of man or nature.
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?It was a true party then indeed. 
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?ANDREW WK is the embodiment of wholesomeness.  He should be the mascot of this sub.
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?It's just you, 1,727 women, and Andrew W.K. Party on, bro.
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?It was *an* Andrew WK. 
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?And it's a good thing he was there. An Andrew WK party is party where everyone stays hydrated. Can't party if you suffer dehydration.
Dude, is that Andrew WK on Dancingman's party?Stumbled into their show this October in Minneapolis. Never heard of him before but it was pretty great. We even started the encore chants because Minnesota people don't know how to get a couple extra songs out of the artists. 
In my dreams he met his wife among those 1700 ladies. I thought the same thing! Wonder how he is now.
In my dreams he met his wife among those 1700 ladies. [removed]
I wish the world worked like this more often. This guy clearly got what he deserved in the best kind of way. Rock on Dancing Man!And we didn't focus on the bad guys.
Oh my god his look of shame in that second panel is making a huge lump in my throat :((( I'm glad he's happy now but damn, I am really choked up just thinking about how awful he must have felt in that moment. I am seriously trying so hard not to cry :((( whoever took the photo is a scummy, SMALL BULLY! Fuck bullies. Fuck every last one of them.It kills me to think that people wanted to ruin his night and then BRAG about it. Normally nothing good ever comes of such a horribly toxic act, but this time something did... A ballin party that was thrown for dancing man! I hope that wholesome acts keep spreading to the point where prople would step in while horrible things like that first post are in progress. 
Oh my god his look of shame in that second panel is making a huge lump in my throat :((( I'm glad he's happy now but damn, I am really choked up just thinking about how awful he must have felt in that moment. I am seriously trying so hard not to cry :((( whoever took the photo is a scummy, SMALL BULLY! Fuck bullies. Fuck every last one of them.If I remember correctly, even people on 4chan were upset about it.
Oh my god his look of shame in that second panel is making a huge lump in my throat :((( I'm glad he's happy now but damn, I am really choked up just thinking about how awful he must have felt in that moment. I am seriously trying so hard not to cry :((( whoever took the photo is a scummy, SMALL BULLY! Fuck bullies. Fuck every last one of them.his expression is breaking my heart :< glad to see, that theres a happy ending
Oh my god his look of shame in that second panel is making a huge lump in my throat :((( I'm glad he's happy now but damn, I am really choked up just thinking about how awful he must have felt in that moment. I am seriously trying so hard not to cry :((( whoever took the photo is a scummy, SMALL BULLY! Fuck bullies. Fuck every last one of them.Its just perfectly captures shame, hurt, disappointment. One moment having a good time and the next just sadness. That is why it hit so many people. Its genuine and relatable. Even knowing the happy ending, that first picture still gets me. 
Oh my god his look of shame in that second panel is making a huge lump in my throat :((( I'm glad he's happy now but damn, I am really choked up just thinking about how awful he must have felt in that moment. I am seriously trying so hard not to cry :((( whoever took the photo is a scummy, SMALL BULLY! Fuck bullies. Fuck every last one of them.[deleted]
Mad props to Cassandra! Seems like a sweet girl.		We need more genuinely caring people in this worldIt kept even getting better afterwards 		http://www.today.com/series/2015-voices/dancing-man-sean-o-brien-reflects-remarkable-year-after-body-t62261
Mad props to Cassandra! Seems like a sweet girl.		We need more genuinely caring people in this world[removed]
Mad props to Cassandra! Seems like a sweet girl.		We need more genuinely caring people in this worldTo be honest, Cassandra is a really popular and Islamaphobic Trump supporter and has said some really nasty stuff on Twitter. 		That being said, this one thing was nice of her.     		EDIT: Before anyone else calls me "child," yes. I'm aware that not everything is black and white. That "good" people can have flaws and "bad" people can have virtues. I just wanted to point out that she has said some really hateful and hurtful things. 
It's so awesome that we can use the power of the internet to connect with, and make others lives better! *sometimes*		EDIT: We have a power in front of us.  Use it for good!
OK, so you just made my eyes leak.  I have never danced in public because of my assumption of all being those who laugh and make fun of people like dancing man and me.  Very nice to know there are those out there who support the spirit within. :_)I would dance with you. 		I was taking a road trip once, stopped in a small town 1000 miles from home. Walked down to the water where I heard some music playing, feeling a little lonely and isolated. No one was dancing, but a great band was playing near a group of kids who were struggling with some severe disabilities.  One kid must have sensed it, and although he couldn't speak to ask he bolted out across the crowd and tried to take my hand and gestured for me to come  dance with him.		I didn't want to say no to dancing with him, but I'm shy and was petrified. Everyone knew everyone in this town, so every single head turned to stare at the stranger and see how I would respond. So I sucked it up. Went out onto the grass and danced my brains out with a kid who could hardly walk or hold onto my hand. God bless the south, and hospitality, because the whole damn town came out to join us on the dance floor. I had more food, drinks, and new friends than I ever could have wanted. Sometimes you just have to dance. Everyone else will follow :)
OK, so you just made my eyes leak.  I have never danced in public because of my assumption of all being those who laugh and make fun of people like dancing man and me.  Very nice to know there are those out there who support the spirit within. :_)Honestly, the kinds of people you want to be dancing with are not the kinds of people that laugh at other's dancing. I think you should give dancing a try. I'll dance with you. 
OK, so you just made my eyes leak.  I have never danced in public because of my assumption of all being those who laugh and make fun of people like dancing man and me.  Very nice to know there are those out there who support the spirit within. :_)I'm pretty terrible at dancing but also love to dance. I get made fun of some times but other times I'm having too much fun to care and it's glorious.		edit: forgot the first fun
OK, so you just made my eyes leak.  I have never danced in public because of my assumption of all being those who laugh and make fun of people like dancing man and me.  Very nice to know there are those out there who support the spirit within. :_)So, Pharrell's Happy song is decent in its own right, but what really makes it is the [video of all the people dancing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6Sxv-sUYtM). I just love watching people of all types moving in whatever way feels enjoyable to them. It's so refreshing, and I encourage you not to be too afraid to do it yourself.
OK, so you just made my eyes leak.  I have never danced in public because of my assumption of all being those who laugh and make fun of people like dancing man and me.  Very nice to know there are those out there who support the spirit within. :_)The trick is to own it. Good dancing or bad dancing, never show the slightest bit of shame and you'd be surprised how many people will join you. I'm a notoriously bad dancer but when I get out there, I dance so hard there's no room for mockery, only jealously. 
Pretty sure most of the 4channers were just as appalled as everyone else if I remember the thread correctly.This is surprising, but I'm willing to believe it.
First time I saw the first two pictures I cried so hard.  His body language in the second picture stills makes me cry.  As a man who was 5 ft 61/2 inches (when you're 5 61/2 you count the half) and 308 lbs I can relate with him and never felt good looking enough to dance.  I would go to the clubs with friends and they would dance with women and I would just stand against the wall or stay bellied up to the bar.  The ending of his story was so beautiful and reminded me how amazing people can be.  Started watching my portions and my intake, I'm down 53 lbs from then, but still 5 61/2.  Keep at it brother!
4chan getting rekt? What a nice day[OP got rekt on 4chan too](http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gif)
4chan getting rekt? What a nice dayThe entire thread on 4chan was taking the piss out of OP.
I'm not going to read any of the comments because I want this to be the real thing so bad. I haven't seen this posted before and in this current_year full of memes, in the moment I read this, I need this to be real on a personal level.Don't worry, it was real. They had a party and it was a good time.
[removed]There are two sides to every coin. We can try as hard as we want to dig into it and find something wrong or right about each side. The takeaway here though, is that thousands of people came together and raised money for someone who was wronged. Maybe he wasn't wronged, maybe it was all fake, but the story that people heard was the reason they acted. Can't fault people for that. 
[removed]As a big guy, I like what I read.  This whole thing rubs me the wrong way.  I would not want to made into some viral sensation because someone made fun of me on the internet and have people pity me.  That's incredibly embarrassing.
[removed][removed]
Is it weird if I find big people like him adorable?		EDIT: Why am I getting downvoted? Is it because of how I clarified what kind of cute I mean? I'm a straight man, that's why I'm not attracted to him, not because I find him ugly, which I don't. My question was genuine.		EDIT2: I just realized that instead of "cute", using 'adorable" probably would've made more sense, and so I'm revising the comment.Stop playing with my emotions.
They are making fun of him how is this wholesome? Don't worry, carry on reading. 
They are making fun of him how is this wholesome? there are more images bud ;)
They are making fun of him how is this wholesome? Did you stop at the first picture?
They are making fun of him how is this wholesome? There are multiple images; the first one is awful, but all the other ones are amazing!
Fat pandering. If people were laughing at me I would stop dancing too and I'm perfectly average. Can I haz dance party?They wouldn't have made the post if you weren't fat. 
Why did they give him a fat lady?They didn't 'give' him a fat lady.		Large bodies gravitate towards each other.
[removed]It's his choice to live how he lives. Let him do it happily.
[removed]We all die eventually. I'm glad that he's still around now and he got to have a nice time, feel good about himself, and do good things for other people. 
[removed]They really don't though.
Same here. It almost brings a tear to my eye every time I see it. Freedom of expression is integral to human happiness and those that seek to suppress it in others are normally the worst kind of person.Sometimes you just... you just want to dance!
Same here. It almost brings a tear to my eye every time I see it. Freedom of expression is integral to human happiness and those that seek to suppress it in others are normally the worst kind of person.I want to underline how much putting strangers down to build yourself up makes you human scum. I don't think that gets driven home enough. 
Same here. It almost brings a tear to my eye every time I see it. Freedom of expression is integral to human happiness and those that seek to suppress it in others are normally the worst kind of person.It's like telling someone that they're ugly when they smile. Why knock someone down for enjoying the most basic pleasures in life?
Same here. It almost brings a tear to my eye every time I see it. Freedom of expression is integral to human happiness and those that seek to suppress it in others are normally the worst kind of person.Many more than one tear in these eyes. Definitely. 		My happiest moments are when I am dancing my heart out to something and forget the rest of the world exists. I am so happy to see someone who seems to have the same love. My people. 
Same here. It almost brings a tear to my eye every time I see it. Freedom of expression is integral to human happiness and those that seek to suppress it in others are normally the worst kind of person.This is the first time I've seen any of this. That first photo was enfuriating, and broke my heart. Those fuckers, man. 		But every photo after that kept sweeping away that anger till I was left with a smile on my face. Damn, internet. You can be pretty swell sometimes. 
Same here. It almost brings a tear to my eye every time I see it. Freedom of expression is integral to human happiness and those that seek to suppress it in others are normally the worst kind of person.When someone denies your expression they are attempting to deny your humanity. Don't let em. 
Same here. It almost brings a tear to my eye every time I see it. Freedom of expression is integral to human happiness and those that seek to suppress it in others are normally the worst kind of person.> normally the worst kind of person		You mean "people who browse 4chan"
Ditto! The first time I read this story those first two pictures make me cry. His body language just screams dejection and embarrassment. It really made me hate those assholes that get joy out of humiliating others, it's sick.	I love that people really came together for a good cause, it definitely shows that there are so many good, kindhearted people out there!I've seen the original picture and a lot of people defending the happy dancing man, but I didn't know about any of this. It's a great story :D
Ditto! The first time I read this story those first two pictures make me cry. His body language just screams dejection and embarrassment. It really made me hate those assholes that get joy out of humiliating others, it's sick.	I love that people really came together for a good cause, it definitely shows that there are so many good, kindhearted people out there!Even knowing the story turned out wonderfully, the guy's face in the first photo just breaks my heart every time. 
To be fair though, the whole problem was caused by the Internet doing badTrue, but the guy who posted this on 4chan took a bunch of heat for making fun of the guy even there. And that's saying something
To be fair though, the whole problem was caused by the Internet doing badIt was one person doing something actually. 		[Here's a screencap of a thread on /b/](https://imgur.com/Ssp5kIV), as you can see everyone rejected the idea of shitting on the guy.
Heck yes it is.		>When it's time to party, we will party hard.Party hard!
Heck yes it is.		>When it's time to party, we will party hard.Andrew WK put on the best show I've ever been to. 		Everyone in the mosh pit was having a blast		The stage divers were having a blast		Everyone they let just get up on stage and dance was having a blast		Security was having a blast because they didn't have to go 100% fun police that night.
Heck yes it is.		>When it's time to party, we will party hard.My neck hurts just thinking of that song.
Andrew WK, one fun s.o.b:		https://youtu.be/EqOTU89cgC4		>[**Andrew W.K. Conducts The Best Interview Ever [0:39]**](http://youtu.be/EqOTU89cgC4)		>>I couldn't have said it better myself.  lol		> [*^Ultros140*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCN91Ua5XkWvuBJa9Wwl_ZxA) ^in ^Comedy		>*^2,995,207 ^views ^since ^Jul ^2009*		[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)
Is he the one that used to blow stuff up on Cartoon Network?Hell yeah dude. Destroy Build Destroy was the name of it. 
Andrew WK wasn't invited, notified, or even in the same continent as the party that day.  But when the party started, he was there.  Because that's just how Andrew WK is.  The worthiest parties have him in attendance, no exceptions made for the laws of man or nature.He's like the sword of Gryffindor! 
It was *an* Andrew WK. Put down the tin foil hat man, it's okay 
It was *an* Andrew WK. It's seriously one of my favorite conspiracy stories ever for some reason 
Stumbled into their show this October in Minneapolis. Never heard of him before but it was pretty great. We even started the encore chants because Minnesota people don't know how to get a couple extra songs out of the artists. They're probably tired after the performance, better let them rest.
I thought the same thing! Wonder how he is now.It kept getting better. Good for him 		http://www.today.com/series/2015-voices/dancing-man-sean-o-brien-reflects-remarkable-year-after-body-t62261
[removed][removed]
And we didn't focus on the bad guys.Who? 
It kills me to think that people wanted to ruin his night and then BRAG about it. Normally nothing good ever comes of such a horribly toxic act, but this time something did... A ballin party that was thrown for dancing man! I hope that wholesome acts keep spreading to the point where prople would step in while horrible things like that first post are in progress. It's depressing how common this kind of thing seems to be.  I'm around that guy's size, if not bigger, and I run into shit like this a lot.  Just a few months ago, I was hiking up part of the John Muir Trail and was checking out the 7 Lakes with my mom, my wife, and my kids.  We stopped by one of the lakes for a lunch break and we let our son play in the water for a bit.  He wanted me to join him and I was getting ready to, but as removing some of my gear, this group of kids (18-22 range by the looks of them) started making fun of me.  It totally ruined what should've been a fun adventurous day.  I should've been proud of myself for how hard I worked to hike there, but at that point, I wanted to give up.  The whole way back to the trail head, I was a complete asshole to everyone and I didn't really get over it until sometime after dinner that night.  I mean, it still bothered me, but it wasn't consuming my thoughts.		I hate that something like this can affect me so much.  I've been putting up with people like this my entire life and yet they still manage to get to me sometimes.  It's disheartening to know that strangers out there hate me almost as much as I do.
If I remember correctly, even people on 4chan were upset about it. Yeah I remember that thread, general opinion was that OP was a dick
It kept even getting better afterwards 		http://www.today.com/series/2015-voices/dancing-man-sean-o-brien-reflects-remarkable-year-after-body-t62261I am legitimately tearing up. I've had body shaming the same way as he did before, and the body language in those first two pictures is way too familiar. 
It kept even getting better afterwards 		http://www.today.com/series/2015-voices/dancing-man-sean-o-brien-reflects-remarkable-year-after-body-t62261That's so nice. He seems like an amazing guy!
It kept even getting better afterwards 		http://www.today.com/series/2015-voices/dancing-man-sean-o-brien-reflects-remarkable-year-after-body-t62261I never visit this sub but wow I am crying at work right now.  I saw the original bully post ages ago and this is the first I'm hearing of the aftermath.  How awesome.
It kept even getting better afterwards 		http://www.today.com/series/2015-voices/dancing-man-sean-o-brien-reflects-remarkable-year-after-body-t62261This is really heartwarming, and I'm glad to see he continued to prosper after his party, but I can't help but wonder why, of all people, was Monica Lewinsky there? That caught me off guard a little
[removed]I just looked at her Twitter, too. What a hateful person, I'm really surprised to find out how horrible she is apart from that one incident. Sort of ruins the Dancing Man story for me a bit, tbh. :/
To be honest, Cassandra is a really popular and Islamaphobic Trump supporter and has said some really nasty stuff on Twitter. 		That being said, this one thing was nice of her.     		EDIT: Before anyone else calls me "child," yes. I'm aware that not everything is black and white. That "good" people can have flaws and "bad" people can have virtues. I just wanted to point out that she has said some really hateful and hurtful things. Goes to show no ones is truly, entirely good *or* bad
To be honest, Cassandra is a really popular and Islamaphobic Trump supporter and has said some really nasty stuff on Twitter. 		That being said, this one thing was nice of her.     		EDIT: Before anyone else calls me "child," yes. I'm aware that not everything is black and white. That "good" people can have flaws and "bad" people can have virtues. I just wanted to point out that she has said some really hateful and hurtful things. Good people do bad things and bad people do good things and everything in between. 
*sometimes*		EDIT: We have a power in front of us.  Use it for good!With great power comes great responsibility.
I would dance with you. 		I was taking a road trip once, stopped in a small town 1000 miles from home. Walked down to the water where I heard some music playing, feeling a little lonely and isolated. No one was dancing, but a great band was playing near a group of kids who were struggling with some severe disabilities.  One kid must have sensed it, and although he couldn't speak to ask he bolted out across the crowd and tried to take my hand and gestured for me to come  dance with him.		I didn't want to say no to dancing with him, but I'm shy and was petrified. Everyone knew everyone in this town, so every single head turned to stare at the stranger and see how I would respond. So I sucked it up. Went out onto the grass and danced my brains out with a kid who could hardly walk or hold onto my hand. God bless the south, and hospitality, because the whole damn town came out to join us on the dance floor. I had more food, drinks, and new friends than I ever could have wanted. Sometimes you just have to dance. Everyone else will follow :)>Sometimes you just have to dance. Everyone else will follow			Thanks for my new favorite quote. :)
I would dance with you. 		I was taking a road trip once, stopped in a small town 1000 miles from home. Walked down to the water where I heard some music playing, feeling a little lonely and isolated. No one was dancing, but a great band was playing near a group of kids who were struggling with some severe disabilities.  One kid must have sensed it, and although he couldn't speak to ask he bolted out across the crowd and tried to take my hand and gestured for me to come  dance with him.		I didn't want to say no to dancing with him, but I'm shy and was petrified. Everyone knew everyone in this town, so every single head turned to stare at the stranger and see how I would respond. So I sucked it up. Went out onto the grass and danced my brains out with a kid who could hardly walk or hold onto my hand. God bless the south, and hospitality, because the whole damn town came out to join us on the dance floor. I had more food, drinks, and new friends than I ever could have wanted. Sometimes you just have to dance. Everyone else will follow :)last line reminded me of this- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA8z7f7a2Pk
I would dance with you. 		I was taking a road trip once, stopped in a small town 1000 miles from home. Walked down to the water where I heard some music playing, feeling a little lonely and isolated. No one was dancing, but a great band was playing near a group of kids who were struggling with some severe disabilities.  One kid must have sensed it, and although he couldn't speak to ask he bolted out across the crowd and tried to take my hand and gestured for me to come  dance with him.		I didn't want to say no to dancing with him, but I'm shy and was petrified. Everyone knew everyone in this town, so every single head turned to stare at the stranger and see how I would respond. So I sucked it up. Went out onto the grass and danced my brains out with a kid who could hardly walk or hold onto my hand. God bless the south, and hospitality, because the whole damn town came out to join us on the dance floor. I had more food, drinks, and new friends than I ever could have wanted. Sometimes you just have to dance. Everyone else will follow :)That's a great moment, great story.
I would dance with you. 		I was taking a road trip once, stopped in a small town 1000 miles from home. Walked down to the water where I heard some music playing, feeling a little lonely and isolated. No one was dancing, but a great band was playing near a group of kids who were struggling with some severe disabilities.  One kid must have sensed it, and although he couldn't speak to ask he bolted out across the crowd and tried to take my hand and gestured for me to come  dance with him.		I didn't want to say no to dancing with him, but I'm shy and was petrified. Everyone knew everyone in this town, so every single head turned to stare at the stranger and see how I would respond. So I sucked it up. Went out onto the grass and danced my brains out with a kid who could hardly walk or hold onto my hand. God bless the south, and hospitality, because the whole damn town came out to join us on the dance floor. I had more food, drinks, and new friends than I ever could have wanted. Sometimes you just have to dance. Everyone else will follow :)In the wise words of Peter Quill, "Well, on my planet, we have a legend about people like you. It's called Footloose. And in it, a great hero, named Kevin Bacon, teaches an entire city full of people with sticks up their butts that, dancing, well, is the greatest thing there is."
This is surprising, but I'm willing to believe it.Best I can do:	http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gif		If you just Google 4chan dancing man stuff should come up. Honestly makes sense - plenty of people have been this guy plenty of times yknow?
This is surprising, but I'm willing to believe it.4chan makes fun of anything, but it also takes pride in justice. Plenty of times they tracked down criminals. There's scum in there but also honor
[OP got rekt on 4chan too](http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gif)Once you look past all the edgy teens and criminals, 4chan isn't such a bad place : ). Remember to give boards other than /b/ a try!!
[OP got rekt on 4chan too](http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gif)[more wholesome 4chan](https://i.redd.it/kdev36fgu7ty.png)
[OP got rekt on 4chan too](http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gif)This makes me even more happy somehow 
As a big guy, I like what I read.  This whole thing rubs me the wrong way.  I would not want to made into some viral sensation because someone made fun of me on the internet and have people pity me.  That's incredibly embarrassing.I think good intentions can certainly have bad accidental consequences sometimes! 
Sometimes you just... you just want to dance!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Utj8DoSjfqo
Sometimes you just... you just want to dance!Just because you have more to shake doesn't mean you shouldn't!
I want to underline how much putting strangers down to build yourself up makes you human scum. I don't think that gets driven home enough. Ha! Look at this guy with morals and decency. 
It's like telling someone that they're ugly when they smile. Why knock someone down for enjoying the most basic pleasures in life?Dang that really would be a messed up thing to tell someone 
True, but the guy who posted this on 4chan took a bunch of heat for making fun of the guy even there. And that's saying somethingLink to them giving him shit?
True, but the guy who posted this on 4chan took a bunch of heat for making fun of the guy even there. And that's saying something[removed]
True, but the guy who posted this on 4chan took a bunch of heat for making fun of the guy even there. And that's saying something[removed]
It was one person doing something actually. 		[Here's a screencap of a thread on /b/](https://imgur.com/Ssp5kIV), as you can see everyone rejected the idea of shitting on the guy.You know you messed up when /b/ unanimously agrees that you're a dick.
Party hard!"She is beautiful" is one of my all time favorite songs. 
Party hard!Open your mouth		We're all gonna cum!		IN. YOUR. FACE!
Andrew WK put on the best show I've ever been to. 		Everyone in the mosh pit was having a blast		The stage divers were having a blast		Everyone they let just get up on stage and dance was having a blast		Security was having a blast because they didn't have to go 100% fun police that night.I saw Andrew WK in NYC on New Year's Eve in 2013 and it was the best show of my life.  He came out to finish the count down and kicked right into his album I Get Wet and played it from start to finish! 		I saw him once before that in Philly and randomly ran into a bunch of guys I hadn't seen since high school.  We had a blast.  I lost a shoe (but luckily found someone else's lost shoe that fit, hope they found mine!) and injured a rib to the point that I couldn't breath right for a month or two.  The crowd rushed the stage and I got up there with him.  I've been to countless shows, AWK shows are the best shows.
Andrew WK put on the best show I've ever been to. 		Everyone in the mosh pit was having a blast		The stage divers were having a blast		Everyone they let just get up on stage and dance was having a blast		Security was having a blast because they didn't have to go 100% fun police that night.Got punched in the face, had a shiner for what felt like ages. The dude apologized when he saw I was a chick (blind swing, daring) and we hugged it out. No hard feelings.		10/10 would party hard again.
Put down the tin foil hat man, it's okay But my little guy looks so cute in the hat!
Put down the tin foil hat man, it's okay You'll never stop the ~~party~~ conspiracy theories, Steev Mike.
They're probably tired after the performance, better let them rest.WK doesn't get tired.  I saw him play one of the most insane shows I've ever seen, running around, dancing, and partying for an hour and a half.  After TWO encores he was forced to stop the music, people start filing out and after the stage was broken down and the gear taken away.  For no reason, and at the request of no one he walks back out on stage and just starts dancing even though no music is playing and there's like 4 people in the venue besides the staff.  A true mad man and party god.  Got to meet him once and he was so kind and humble.  One of my favorite people.
It kept getting better. Good for him 		http://www.today.com/series/2015-voices/dancing-man-sean-o-brien-reflects-remarkable-year-after-body-t62261https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_51/903201/sean-obrien-dancing-man-dj_6d5e2b041aa880534129a7e15efdad5a.today-inline-large2x.jpg		:')
It kept getting better. Good for him 		http://www.today.com/series/2015-voices/dancing-man-sean-o-brien-reflects-remarkable-year-after-body-t62261I don't even care that you're posting this all over the thread
Who? Nobody.
 Yeah I remember that thread, general opinion was that OP was a dickyou know you're a bad person if people on 4chan are calling you out on your douchebaggery
I am legitimately tearing up. I've had body shaming the same way as he did before, and the body language in those first two pictures is way too familiar. As a younger man I often found myself participating in that sort of shaming, and eventually even thinking that way to myself. 		It was articles and posts like these that taught me I was being the kind of person I hate. A bigoted, small minded, hateful person. 		And I'm sorry to everyone I ever hurt every single day. Every single time I see someone struggling with their health or just going about their life I remind myself that everyone is different, and regardless of personal choices everyone deserves respect. 		I want to say thank you. Just for being you. You've taught me not to be hateful, just like everyone else I meet does these days. Thank you so much. 
I am legitimately tearing up. I've had body shaming the same way as he did before, and the body language in those first two pictures is way too familiar. I'm sorry to hear that people were cruel to you. I'm glad that you're here so I can tell you that I think you're lovely!
I am legitimately tearing up. I've had body shaming the same way as he did before, and the body language in those first two pictures is way too familiar. Hello friendo ! I just want to let you know that we love you here just the way you Are! You keep doing you and we will keep loving You!
This is really heartwarming, and I'm glad to see he continued to prosper after his party, but I can't help but wonder why, of all people, was Monica Lewinsky there? That caught me off guard a littleA few years ago, she got involved in anti-cyber bullying campaigns. She (actually) has a pretty great TEDtalk about it.
This is really heartwarming, and I'm glad to see he continued to prosper after his party, but I can't help but wonder why, of all people, was Monica Lewinsky there? That caught me off guard a littlePeople spoke about her weight plenty. 
I just looked at her Twitter, too. What a hateful person, I'm really surprised to find out how horrible she is apart from that one incident. Sort of ruins the Dancing Man story for me a bit, tbh. :/Don't let it ruin anything for you. This guy has 0 political ties. He has felt real happiness because of this. It honestly has nothing to do with her
Goes to show no ones is truly, entirely good *or* badIt's almost as if people are complex individuals that possess merits as well as flaws
last line reminded me of this- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA8z7f7a2PkI LOVE this video. The courage of those first couple of guys to join in was just awesome!! It really shows how inhibited we can be as a species, but also how amazing things can happen when we free ourselves from worrying about what others might think. 		Thanks for posting it friend. You've made my Friday! 
Best I can do:	http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gif		If you just Google 4chan dancing man stuff should come up. Honestly makes sense - plenty of people have been this guy plenty of times yknow?That's true, it's just a habit to think the worst of 4channers. Naturally, /r/wholesomememes would be where I give them the benefit of the doubt.
4chan makes fun of anything, but it also takes pride in justice. Plenty of times they tracked down criminals. There's scum in there but also honorI hope they one day will find the same disgust towards sharing other degrading imagery like nudes/revenge porn :////		I really do believe we(as a species) one day can understand that the internet is just as real as everything else, and the pain inflicted over it is just as hurtful.
Once you look past all the edgy teens and criminals, 4chan isn't such a bad place : ). Remember to give boards other than /b/ a try!!Hasn't 4chan been "dead" for a while? It's really old now so I figured it would be changed a lot or left by most people.
Oh I believe the people who raised money and things only had good intentions! Just linked to that article as it raises a great point - sometimes the person on the receiving end isn't consenting to all the pressure and attention thrown at them, and that's worth thinking about. Also it's a funny maddox article worth reading!I think in this situation if the guy didn't want to be found, he wouldn't have responded. So I think that point is moot. But definitely worthy of consideration. Still, in my darkest moments, a kind word does mean a lot even if I don't know how to acknowledge it.
[removed]Do you think berating someone reliably causes change? Studies find that it often does more harm than not.
Yeah, but most of us don't die in our 40's outside of accidents. 		I don't feel very wholesome looking at a guy that's going to be dead soon because he can't put down a fork.Hey, hi friendo. You know where you are, yeah? This place is all about positivity. There's plenty of other places on Reddit for that kind of cynicism.		Hope you have a good day though.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Utj8DoSjfqoDanny Sexbang is my hero! NSP rocks!! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Utj8DoSjfqoUnexpected NSP. I had a terrible PTSD nightmare last night, woke up thinking I was having a heart attack, started sobbing uncontrollably, and immediately put on Dan's cover of "The Last Unicorn" on a loop for 45 minutes. It was the only thing I wanted to calm me. I love his voice, it's like buttah. I can safely say Game Grumps and NSP has distracted me long enough not to harm myself, many times. They mean so much to me. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Utj8DoSjfqoThis was wonderful.
Dang that really would be a messed up thing to tell someone You are pretty when you poop.
Dang that really would be a messed up thing to tell someone As someone who normally looks good but has a terrible smile, people say this more than you might think. Who knows why they do it.
Link to them giving him shit?http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gif
Link to them giving him shit?[Here](http://i.imgur.com/YiMyPZF.jpg)
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
You know you messed up when /b/ unanimously agrees that you're a dick.They have some weaknesses. Like cats and women with penises.
You know you messed up when /b/ unanimously agrees that you're a dick.They get on board with being a dick sometimes. All it would've taken was for the first reply to be in support of shitting on this sad fat person, who obviously has self control problems and was making everyone else uncomfortable with his BO and creepy glances. 		Instead, the first reply humanized him. "He's just some dude who wanted to have a good time. Paid for a ticket and came to see a group we all love. Why you gotta harsh his vibe?" 		That's all it took to sway the masses. One person choosing to tell someone they're being a dick.
WK doesn't get tired.  I saw him play one of the most insane shows I've ever seen, running around, dancing, and partying for an hour and a half.  After TWO encores he was forced to stop the music, people start filing out and after the stage was broken down and the gear taken away.  For no reason, and at the request of no one he walks back out on stage and just starts dancing even though no music is playing and there's like 4 people in the venue besides the staff.  A true mad man and party god.  Got to meet him once and he was so kind and humble.  One of my favorite people.Didn't he break a record for drumming for 24+ hours straight? He's a man fueled only by parties and happiness. 
https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_51/903201/sean-obrien-dancing-man-dj_6d5e2b041aa880534129a7e15efdad5a.today-inline-large2x.jpg		:')Aw man, got a genuine tear from this. He looks so happy.
https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_51/903201/sean-obrien-dancing-man-dj_6d5e2b041aa880534129a7e15efdad5a.today-inline-large2x.jpg		:')I love this and you and everyone.
https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_51/903201/sean-obrien-dancing-man-dj_6d5e2b041aa880534129a7e15efdad5a.today-inline-large2x.jpg		:')Dude got Moby to play at his party. Sweet
Nobody.Exactly
you know you're a bad person if people on 4chan are calling you out on your douchebaggeryconversely, most of the time you also know you're a bad person if people on 4chan are _praising_ you.
As a younger man I often found myself participating in that sort of shaming, and eventually even thinking that way to myself. 		It was articles and posts like these that taught me I was being the kind of person I hate. A bigoted, small minded, hateful person. 		And I'm sorry to everyone I ever hurt every single day. Every single time I see someone struggling with their health or just going about their life I remind myself that everyone is different, and regardless of personal choices everyone deserves respect. 		I want to say thank you. Just for being you. You've taught me not to be hateful, just like everyone else I meet does these days. Thank you so much. These are the loveliest conversations I've ever seen on Reddit.  The Dancing man post and the comments its spawned legit made me tear up like a big pansy.  I love it.  
As a younger man I often found myself participating in that sort of shaming, and eventually even thinking that way to myself. 		It was articles and posts like these that taught me I was being the kind of person I hate. A bigoted, small minded, hateful person. 		And I'm sorry to everyone I ever hurt every single day. Every single time I see someone struggling with their health or just going about their life I remind myself that everyone is different, and regardless of personal choices everyone deserves respect. 		I want to say thank you. Just for being you. You've taught me not to be hateful, just like everyone else I meet does these days. Thank you so much. Ever seen the show My 600-LB Life on TLC?		I watch it pretty regularly, like 50 episodes DVR'd.		Blows my mind how big people are after massive weight loss and all I think about is "These people are going to the gym to continue their journey and some asshole at the gym is gonna make fun of them not knowing they've already lost 300+ pounds."		Not saying you're that, but your comment reminded me of that thought.
As a younger man I often found myself participating in that sort of shaming, and eventually even thinking that way to myself. 		It was articles and posts like these that taught me I was being the kind of person I hate. A bigoted, small minded, hateful person. 		And I'm sorry to everyone I ever hurt every single day. Every single time I see someone struggling with their health or just going about their life I remind myself that everyone is different, and regardless of personal choices everyone deserves respect. 		I want to say thank you. Just for being you. You've taught me not to be hateful, just like everyone else I meet does these days. Thank you so much. Takes a big person to admit this. Thanks for sharing
As a younger man I often found myself participating in that sort of shaming, and eventually even thinking that way to myself. 		It was articles and posts like these that taught me I was being the kind of person I hate. A bigoted, small minded, hateful person. 		And I'm sorry to everyone I ever hurt every single day. Every single time I see someone struggling with their health or just going about their life I remind myself that everyone is different, and regardless of personal choices everyone deserves respect. 		I want to say thank you. Just for being you. You've taught me not to be hateful, just like everyone else I meet does these days. Thank you so much. No one is born good my friend. We all have to change our views and make efforts to reach the light in our own lives. Congrats on stepping on the right path :)
It's almost as if people are complex individuals that possess merits as well as flawsyou say that sarcastically, but this is honestly very hard for us to accept as humans. we see others as a whole, rather than a bit of this and a bit of that. it's easier when the person is close to us, but so hard to accept those nuances with people we don't really know. I think this broad categorization effect was an evolutionary advantage that doesn't translate very well to the modern day
That's true, it's just a habit to think the worst of 4channers. Naturally, /r/wholesomememes would be where I give them the benefit of the doubt.Even 4chan has its good users
Hasn't 4chan been "dead" for a while? It's really old now so I figured it would be changed a lot or left by most people.I've literally been hearing this shit for over 10 years now
Hasn't 4chan been "dead" for a while? It's really old now so I figured it would be changed a lot or left by most people.Nah it's in the alexa 500 IIRC		Although the most active boards seem to be /b/ and /pol/ (but a lot of that activity is shilling).
Hasn't 4chan been "dead" for a while? It's really old now so I figured it would be changed a lot or left by most people.What is dead may never die.
Nah that's just because /b/ can't be asked what to do so they just go opposite of it.How about this? :) http://i.imgur.com/XIQkq3E.png
Danny Sexbang is my hero! NSP rocks!! I know who he is, but telling random people your hero is a man who make entertainment videos on the Internet called 'danny sexbang'. May turn a few heads
Unexpected NSP. I had a terrible PTSD nightmare last night, woke up thinking I was having a heart attack, started sobbing uncontrollably, and immediately put on Dan's cover of "The Last Unicorn" on a loop for 45 minutes. It was the only thing I wanted to calm me. I love his voice, it's like buttah. I can safely say Game Grumps and NSP has distracted me long enough not to harm myself, many times. They mean so much to me. To be honest I found them in a time when I needed them most as well. I've heard their joke stuff but the first time I heard their version of "Last Unicorn" I knew they could be a real, serious band. That song in particular will always have a spot in my heart. Stay strong, you have brothers and sisters here for you. 
Unexpected NSP. I had a terrible PTSD nightmare last night, woke up thinking I was having a heart attack, started sobbing uncontrollably, and immediately put on Dan's cover of "The Last Unicorn" on a loop for 45 minutes. It was the only thing I wanted to calm me. I love his voice, it's like buttah. I can safely say Game Grumps and NSP has distracted me long enough not to harm myself, many times. They mean so much to me. Game Grumps saved me from some pretty serious depression after a break up of a 3 year relationship. They also convinced me to buy a Wii U.		Glad they've helped you too, buddy. Wishing you the best.
Unexpected NSP. I had a terrible PTSD nightmare last night, woke up thinking I was having a heart attack, started sobbing uncontrollably, and immediately put on Dan's cover of "The Last Unicorn" on a loop for 45 minutes. It was the only thing I wanted to calm me. I love his voice, it's like buttah. I can safely say Game Grumps and NSP has distracted me long enough not to harm myself, many times. They mean so much to me. It's interesting how many of us have this in common. People tell them all the time in panels and letters and things, but I can't help wonder if they could ever truly understand how many of us they've helped through dark times. 
You are pretty when you poop.Awww shucks...wait. How do you...?
http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gifThere's something unreal about seeing a link to Maddox in 2017.
http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/dancing_man_4chan.gifThat pic of the yellow baby always has me dying every time this is posted.
[removed][removed]
They get on board with being a dick sometimes. All it would've taken was for the first reply to be in support of shitting on this sad fat person, who obviously has self control problems and was making everyone else uncomfortable with his BO and creepy glances. 		Instead, the first reply humanized him. "He's just some dude who wanted to have a good time. Paid for a ticket and came to see a group we all love. Why you gotta harsh his vibe?" 		That's all it took to sway the masses. One person choosing to tell someone they're being a dick.I think the second photo was a deal breaker for all the usual haters. If the first one was the only one then there would have been a chance for it to turn into a laugh fest, since he's kinda goofy in that one. But in the second photo he just looks so sad and defeated... That's too much for most people to swallow. OP was the heartless minority.		And besides, most people have probably felt embarrassment of some kind when trying to dance. Not everyone is born a natural. So to see a person get photographed and laughed at publicly for trying to dance feels like a nightmare scenario...
Dude got Moby to play at his party. SweetHow are we sure it wasn't just the Doppledeaner?
These are the loveliest conversations I've ever seen on Reddit.  The Dancing man post and the comments its spawned legit made me tear up like a big pansy.  I love it.  Same here, man. Why can't we always be like this. :]
Ever seen the show My 600-LB Life on TLC?		I watch it pretty regularly, like 50 episodes DVR'd.		Blows my mind how big people are after massive weight loss and all I think about is "These people are going to the gym to continue their journey and some asshole at the gym is gonna make fun of them not knowing they've already lost 300+ pounds."		Not saying you're that, but your comment reminded me of that thought.Currently watching the show actually. I feel the same way but I'm glad to see these people take control and get their lives back. 
Takes a big person to admit this. Thanks for sharingmaybe unintended pun but, ok, I'll allow it.
I've literally been hearing this shit for over 10 years nowlol was about to say the same. "4chan is dead" is the real dead meme.
Do you think I care about him?  I'm just stating a fact. 		The meme isn't wholesome because he's dying under his own body.	How about the fact that dancing is fucking exercise and that's what he was there to do? Stop being a judgmental prick. You say he can't be happy in his body but personally, I'd be much happier being fat than living my life as a hateful little shit.
I know who he is, but telling random people your hero is a man who make entertainment videos on the Internet called 'danny sexbang'. May turn a few headsI don't mind sharing his legacy with strangers
I know who he is, but telling random people your hero is a man who make entertainment videos on the Internet called 'danny sexbang'. May turn a few headsHe can certainly turn mine.
I know who he is, but telling random people your hero is a man who make entertainment videos on the Internet called 'danny sexbang'. May turn a few headsIt was a strange Uber ride in Chicago when we informed the driver we going to see Ninja Sex Party at the destination...
I know who he is, but telling random people your hero is a man who make entertainment videos on the Internet called 'danny sexbang'. May turn a few headsLet it. He's an awesome dude. 
It's interesting how many of us have this in common. People tell them all the time in panels and letters and things, but I can't help wonder if they could ever truly understand how many of us they've helped through dark times. i think it's because when you watch their videos it really feels like you have good friends in the room with you or something. there really is something very comforting about it, it reminds me of when i had the time to hang out with friends and just play video games and fuck around back when i was in middle school/high school. plus they can be really really funny at times.
Awww shucks...wait. How do you...?You know how when you're taking a shit and open up Snapchat but the selfie camera is on so you see your own face for a moment?  Yeah, that's how.  Snapchat saves those.
There's something unreal about seeing a link to Maddox in 2017.Dude has a youtube channel and a podcast these days. Who knew he'd stick around?
That pic of the yellow baby always has me dying every time this is posted.Y tho
I don't mind sharing his legacy with strangersHe's my hero too, dude. Stay cool B)
You know how when you're taking a shit and open up Snapchat but the selfie camera is on so you see your own face for a moment?  Yeah, that's how.  Snapchat saves those.Oh dear lord. I... after shower...in the mirror. .		Fuck.
He's my hero too, dude. Stay cool B) you too!!
