Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.The comments on the YouTube video are brilliant.		"I just watched him paint clouds and a mountain so realistic it made me question reality, then he looks in the camera 'OK, time to stop goofing off and get serious' what the hell is he gonna do next"
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.It's crazy, I just watched this earlier today and I was thinking "man this would be great for r/wholesomememes!"
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.I went to the original video just wanting to watch him make his mistake. Wound up watching the whole thing and calling over my girlfriend as we both just laid in bed listening to his soothing voice and wishing we could paint. Perfect gif!
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.I see Bob Ross a lot on this sub (for good reason of course) but I've never actually watched him paint. After seeing a link to the episode this gif is a part of, I watched it and I have to say, never have I been so mesmerised by a brush and a man's voice. Steve Ross is impressive.
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.My dad watched Bob Ross a lot in the early 90's and those are some of my favorite memories. Even as a kid, I recognized the peaceful feeling I get from watching his show. He's a serene type of person, and I'm fortunate enough to have come across a lot of people who embody calmness the same way he does. Those are my favorite types of people because it's a VERY contagious mindset for me. When I'm with people like that, I'm calm too.		I had an employee like that once. Coffee shop, hella busy all the time, but he he made slingin' lattes look like hangin' out.		Bob Ross, his son, Mr. Rogers -- I wouldn't mind seeing more people like them. Is it unrealistic to strive to look like them?
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.Majestic hair is also in the Ross bloodline. 
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.You are an awesome human being.	Yes. You.	No need to be hard on yourself.	Even if everything doesn't go as you want lately, there's always tomorrow.	Just keep being positive and one day you'll get what you want.
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.This is beautiful! Thank you for posting this OP, I needed this today. Looks like I found the motivation to clean off my desk and pick up a paintbrush again. :)
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.He definitely learned a lot from his dad. That makes me happy for so many reasons.
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.I really wish we had more positive news media.  People are hardwired to pick out the bad stuff for survival which generates views, but hopefully in the future we will be more self aware and spend time to focus on the positives instead of a downward spiral of negativity. 
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.I teared up. 
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.Why did I tear up watching this?!
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.I have been having the worst month and was having a particularly tough morning. So much that this gif made me tear up because I'm hard on myself also. Thanks for sharing!
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.I appreciated the happy typo accident. Pretty meta.
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.What a family!
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.The Ross family hair game is strong.
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.Man I'm proud to carry the Ross surname, even though I'm pretty sure I'm completely unrelated.
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.Steve was Bob Ross' happy little accident :)
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.Help me please
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.Now I can pin the founder of the word moosh to a face.		EDIT: Downvotes? In an episode, Bob mentions his son Steve calls the technique "mooshing"
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.The Ross family is the definition of wholesome
Looks like wholesome is in the Ross bloodline. Here's Steve Ross and his happy accident.[Heres](http://i.imgur.com/Ju5MYdT.jpg) the finished version in case anyone was curious		
The comments on the YouTube video are brilliant.		"I just watched him paint clouds and a mountain so realistic it made me question reality, then he looks in the camera 'OK, time to stop goofing off and get serious' what the hell is he gonna do next"Comments on YouTube... brilliant... what?
The comments on the YouTube video are brilliant.		"I just watched him paint clouds and a mountain so realistic it made me question reality, then he looks in the camera 'OK, time to stop goofing off and get serious' what the hell is he gonna do next"Can I have the link please?
It's crazy, I just watched this earlier today and I was thinking "man this would be great for r/wholesomememes!"I watched this video about a week ago and I was like holy shit this is the exact same one, idk how often Bob Ross's son is on the show 
It's crazy, I just watched this earlier today and I was thinking "man this would be great for r/wholesomememes!"Well it's clear beautiful minds think alike!
I went to the original video just wanting to watch him make his mistake. Wound up watching the whole thing and calling over my girlfriend as we both just laid in bed listening to his soothing voice and wishing we could paint. Perfect gif!A link to the video [here](https://youtu.be/dNEp3hoHSDI). It's really pleasant.		Edit: the gif starts around the 5:30 mark.
I went to the original video just wanting to watch him make his mistake. Wound up watching the whole thing and calling over my girlfriend as we both just laid in bed listening to his soothing voice and wishing we could paint. Perfect gif!You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4p
I went to the original video just wanting to watch him make his mistake. Wound up watching the whole thing and calling over my girlfriend as we both just laid in bed listening to his soothing voice and wishing we could paint. Perfect gif!You *can* paint though! It's super easy and super fun. It takes some time and patience, but you just gotta follow the Ross' steps and you'll be there in no time. Heck, soon you'll be making up your own mountains and nice little trees without anyone to guide you but yourself!
I went to the original video just wanting to watch him make his mistake. Wound up watching the whole thing and calling over my girlfriend as we both just laid in bed listening to his soothing voice and wishing we could paint. Perfect gif!Agree and did the same. It's like a leap into another universe for a little while, where it's ok not to be ok. 
I went to the original video just wanting to watch him make his mistake. Wound up watching the whole thing and calling over my girlfriend as we both just laid in bed listening to his soothing voice and wishing we could paint. Perfect gif!You *can* paint, though. Maybe not as good as you'd like, but that's more of a problem with what you'd like, rather than your ability to paint. Sucking at something is the first step at being sorta good at something.
I went to the original video just wanting to watch him make his mistake. Wound up watching the whole thing and calling over my girlfriend as we both just laid in bed listening to his soothing voice and wishing we could paint. Perfect gif!I like to play this show while I do my work emails. So soothing! My wife thinks I'm weird but you get it. 
I went to the original video just wanting to watch him make his mistake. Wound up watching the whole thing and calling over my girlfriend as we both just laid in bed listening to his soothing voice and wishing we could paint. Perfect gif!YOU CAN PAINT. follow along with a bob Ross video. You'll have to pause a lot, but me and my sister do it all the time and our stuff comes out great! It is a teaching show after all! I believe in you!
I see Bob Ross a lot on this sub (for good reason of course) but I've never actually watched him paint. After seeing a link to the episode this gif is a part of, I watched it and I have to say, never have I been so mesmerised by a brush and a man's voice. Steve Ross is impressive.His show is on Netflix right now. I like to turn it on when I'm working around the house. 
My dad watched Bob Ross a lot in the early 90's and those are some of my favorite memories. Even as a kid, I recognized the peaceful feeling I get from watching his show. He's a serene type of person, and I'm fortunate enough to have come across a lot of people who embody calmness the same way he does. Those are my favorite types of people because it's a VERY contagious mindset for me. When I'm with people like that, I'm calm too.		I had an employee like that once. Coffee shop, hella busy all the time, but he he made slingin' lattes look like hangin' out.		Bob Ross, his son, Mr. Rogers -- I wouldn't mind seeing more people like them. Is it unrealistic to strive to look like them?I was with you up until you wanted to look like them haha me being female and all ;D
Majestic hair is also in the Ross bloodline. 70s fro		80s mullet		90s frosted tips		2000s silly beard		2010s nazi officer			Changes 
You are an awesome human being.	Yes. You.	No need to be hard on yourself.	Even if everything doesn't go as you want lately, there's always tomorrow.	Just keep being positive and one day you'll get what you want.How lovely (: the same to you crimsonmeteor, you too are a wonderful human being!
You are an awesome human being.	Yes. You.	No need to be hard on yourself.	Even if everything doesn't go as you want lately, there's always tomorrow.	Just keep being positive and one day you'll get what you want.This is just a string of words that you put on the internet in a few seconds, but my girlfriend just dumped me and I really needed to hear that. Thank you <3
I have been having the worst month and was having a particularly tough morning. So much that this gif made me tear up because I'm hard on myself also. Thanks for sharing!I'm sure a thousand wholesomememers will say this but if you need an ear, hit me up friend. I'll be heading to bed soon, I've been up for 28 hours but I'll keep an eye out for you in my inbox when I'm up. Peace and love.  
Help me pleaseWatcha need help with homie?
[Heres](http://i.imgur.com/Ju5MYdT.jpg) the finished version in case anyone was curious		I think this is a different painting. He does a waterfall in the one from the gif.
[Heres](http://i.imgur.com/Ju5MYdT.jpg) the finished version in case anyone was curious		[this is the finished painting](http://i.imgur.com/BTL84Cd.jpg)
[Heres](http://i.imgur.com/Ju5MYdT.jpg) the finished version in case anyone was curious		That isn't it.
[whats up with the white thing on his face](http://i.imgur.com/wIooOWJ.jpg)Probably a paint smudge :) Part of the joy of creating art work is not caring about getting messy. 
[whats up with the white thing on his face](http://i.imgur.com/wIooOWJ.jpg)If it's not a paint smudge as suggested, it might be reflected light... He's in a studio after all, they got some mighty strong lightbulbs there.
[removed][removed]
Comments on YouTube... brilliant... what?Everyone has the chance to be brilliant, friendo
Comments on YouTube... brilliant... what?Youtube comments aren't as bad as they used to be to be honest. The top comment on most videos is like a top reddit comment. Example from video I watched today: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_iKg7nutNY
Comments on YouTube... brilliant... what?I met my wife in the YouTube comment section:) On certain channels, it can be a beautiful place
Comments on YouTube... brilliant... what? wholesomeness is the most powerful infectious agent known to man.  Its even capable of bringing goodness to the surface in the worst of places. 
Comments on YouTube... brilliant... what?Most of them are from younger people who have a lot of pent up anger inside them. I bet most of them will get things worked out as they get older!
Can I have the link please?[Here you go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNEp3hoHSDI). I tried to find that exact spot but wasn't able to find it. Enjoy!
I watched this video about a week ago and I was like holy shit this is the exact same one, idk how often Bob Ross's son is on the show It's not very often, but the show went for so long that there's a good few episodes with him. 
A link to the video [here](https://youtu.be/dNEp3hoHSDI). It's really pleasant.		Edit: the gif starts around the 5:30 mark.I have no idea why, but my heart melted when he said "thanks Dad" at the beginning.
A link to the video [here](https://youtu.be/dNEp3hoHSDI). It's really pleasant.		Edit: the gif starts around the 5:30 mark.Where is Steve Ross today?  He could have the biggest YouTube channel in history just by being swell. 
A link to the video [here](https://youtu.be/dNEp3hoHSDI). It's really pleasant.		Edit: the gif starts around the 5:30 mark.when he did that treeline at the base of the mountain and then used the clean brush to drag and pull, drag and pull, drag and pull... and then BAM it was a reflection on the water?! ohmygod. [I literally looked like Andy Dwyer](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/Yixr3jv) when he did that 
A link to the video [here](https://youtu.be/dNEp3hoHSDI). It's really pleasant.		Edit: the gif starts around the 5:30 mark.when he talked about his dad trying to ride a skate board "you can imagine what happened. I won't tell you what, though, cause I don't want to embarrass dad." classy guy.
A link to the video [here](https://youtu.be/dNEp3hoHSDI). It's really pleasant.		Edit: the gif starts around the 5:30 mark."I pulled a sneaky on you" 	 I could just hug him 
A link to the video [here](https://youtu.be/dNEp3hoHSDI). It's really pleasant.		Edit: the gif starts around the 5:30 mark.I thought he was going to speak more dude-like
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pWow. Those are really nice!
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pThose all turned out incredible!
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pI love the way they're so different and still so alike. Great work. Inspires me to pick my watercolors up again. 
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pGreat job to everyone!
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pVery impressive... What all do you need to get started? Did you buy a kit or individual supplies?
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pYou all did a great job!
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pWow, some real fantastic paintings! Mountain Ridge	Lake is one of my favourites. I love the contrast the grass and the rock on the mountains has.
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pLooks like a scene from Zelda breath of the wild. Nice work!  Did you guys start by following Bob in real time or did you pause how videos a lot?
You absolutely can paint. After watching Bob Ross, some friends and I decided to pick it up. The biggest startup cost is an easel, but bob's videos are simple and informative enough that I think just about anyone can learn the technique within a few attempts. Here is our latest effort - http://imgur.com/a/MLX4pI've painted with Bob Ross with MS Paint!  It's a fun challenge and will look great if you follow how he does it.  I'll post a piece later.		[It's definitely not exceptional, but it turned out better than I expected!](https://i.imgur.com/eT4CNow.png)
You *can* paint though! It's super easy and super fun. It takes some time and patience, but you just gotta follow the Ross' steps and you'll be there in no time. Heck, soon you'll be making up your own mountains and nice little trees without anyone to guide you but yourself!What wonderful job you've done taking over the Keywork! 
Agree and did the same. It's like a leap into another universe for a little while, where it's ok not to be ok. Thank you for the post! A lot of my family paints for fun. Always a little self-conscious there. But maybe I'll take it up again and everything will just be a happy accident.
You *can* paint, though. Maybe not as good as you'd like, but that's more of a problem with what you'd like, rather than your ability to paint. Sucking at something is the first step at being sorta good at something.It is great just to create!		Unless one's job description is artist, don't be too hard on one's self. Enjoy the process and journey!
His show is on Netflix right now. I like to turn it on when I'm working around the house. Show name?	
How lovely (: the same to you crimsonmeteor, you too are a wonderful human being!Thanks! Hope you, too, have a nice day ;)
This is just a string of words that you put on the internet in a few seconds, but my girlfriend just dumped me and I really needed to hear that. Thank you <3Hey friend, sorry to hear that. I've been there, done that. Breakups are no fun. Try to have a day for yourself. Hang out with some friends, go do something you enjoy, anything to stay positive. Keep your head up, it gets easier. 
jesus christ this feels so fake"Hey look at all of these positive people, let me come in here and be a dick."		I feel sorry for you. I feel sorry that you deem it necessary to shit on someone's positivity, that you feel the need to diminish a wholesome comment solely intended to make someone's day better. I feel sorry that you are so self-loathing that you have decided to go down the path of denouncing others happiness. 		I hope you one day decide to be a better human being, because the path you just took is a dead end to loneliness. 
jesus christ this feels so fakeFake it till you make it. 
jesus christ this feels so fakeDepending on what you want to believe.	This world can be a harsh place full of people lying and backstabbing each other for their own gains. Or it could be better than that. Only how you want to see it.	This doesn't mean that you're blinded to the truth just don't think about it.	Just because you can find videos of people chopping others heads off or burning them alive doesn't mean you need to see it. There're many good things that can be found on the internet like cat videos for an example.
Watcha need help with homie?Yeah /u/ichdruecknix, what can we do for you?
Everyone has the chance to be brilliant, friendoGod I love this sub
Everyone has the chance to be brilliant, friendoYour positivity is wonderful!
Youtube comments aren't as bad as they used to be to be honest. The top comment on most videos is like a top reddit comment. Example from video I watched today: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_iKg7nutNYJust don't look at trending. Seriously. 
Youtube comments aren't as bad as they used to be to be honest. The top comment on most videos is like a top reddit comment. Example from video I watched today: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_iKg7nutNYFirst first first.... I'm so early that ______....			Those comments and other random dumb things still flood all the videos I see, but a (comparatively) clever comment does come through now and then.
I met my wife in the YouTube comment section:) On certain channels, it can be a beautiful placeThat's crazy! So tell me the details, how did you two met?
I met my wife in the YouTube comment section:) On certain channels, it can be a beautiful placeWow, congratulations! That's awesome! I wish you two all the best!
[Here you go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNEp3hoHSDI). I tried to find that exact spot but wasn't able to find it. Enjoy!Listen to the intro Bob says. His son Steve is an accomplished painter and sold his first painting at age 12.		One of the top reposts in TIL is that Bob was some drill sergeant and went to painting to chill the fuck out because he was tired of yelling.		The fact that one of the most iconic painters in our lifetimes quite possibly learned from his son kinda blows my mind a bit.
[Here you go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNEp3hoHSDI). I tried to find that exact spot but wasn't able to find it. Enjoy!At around 12:20
[Here you go](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNEp3hoHSDI). I tried to find that exact spot but wasn't able to find it. Enjoy!Thank you!
I have no idea why, but my heart melted when he said "thanks Dad" at the beginning.Now you made me tear up! Go Ross family! 
I have no idea why, but my heart melted when he said "thanks Dad" at the beginning.He thanks him again at the end of the painting.
Where is Steve Ross today?  He could have the biggest YouTube channel in history just by being swell. [A thread from a year ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3rtpvu/what_happened_to_steve_from_bob_ross_the_joy_of/)
Where is Steve Ross today?  He could have the biggest YouTube channel in history just by being swell. I googled it and found [this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/3rtpvu/what_happened_to_steve_from_bob_ross_the_joy_of/?st=J24UJAI5&sh=99e7dcbd) No guarantees on the accuracy of the information though. 
Very impressive... What all do you need to get started? Did you buy a kit or individual supplies?To start up, you'll need a few basic things. [The Bob Ross Master Piece Set](https://www.amazon.com/Martin-F-Weber-Master-Paint/dp/B000IK0EIA/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1493566815&sr=8-1&keywords=bob+ross+kit) has the majority of what you need (paint, knife, brushes), then you'll want a [big plexiglass palette](https://www.amazon.com/Art-Advantage-18-Inch-24-Inch-Acrylic/dp/B0027AE8UE/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid=1493566898&sr=8-8&keywords=paint+palette+clear) for mixing the paints. Finally, you'll need an easel to hold a canvas. I can personally recommend [this one](http://www.dickblick.com/products/blick-studio-convertible-studio-easel/) from Blick if you have one near you. Hope that helps, if you get into it, be sure to sub to r/HappyTrees to share your work!
Very impressive... What all do you need to get started? Did you buy a kit or individual supplies?In addition to what the other guy said, if you're on a budget you can skip the plexiglass pallet and use something else (I've got a plastic plate that was like four for a dollar at Walmart), and instead of a standalone easel you can get a tabletop one (mine was just a bit fancier than this one and cost me about $15 http://www.michaels.com/black-display-tabletop-easel-by-artists-loft/10504506.html#start=7)
Looks like a scene from Zelda breath of the wild. Nice work!  Did you guys start by following Bob in real time or did you pause how videos a lot?We definitely pause **a lot.** A typical Bob Ross episode is ~25 minutes, but, on averge, each painting takes us around 4-5 hours. Granted this is with some goofing off and drinking a few beers, but we always enjoy our time!
Yooooo those are incredible! I literally went "woooahhhh" when I clicked the link. You guys should hang those up in your houses, they'd be great decorations with great story behind them! "Oh that one? Yeah I did that one with a couple friends"Thanks for the kind words. This was our 4th painting. This was [number 3.](http://imgur.com/a/0p2di) 
I think I sense a novelty account coming on.The best kind of novelty account! People could use a bit more positivity and friendliness these days, especially on the internet! :)
Yeah, its "easy"if you paint like shitThat'll happen, BUT! If you keep honing your craft, you'll see improvement.
Yeah, its "easy"if you paint like shitNot very wholesome, friendo. 
Thank you for the post! A lot of my family paints for fun. Always a little self-conscious there. But maybe I'll take it up again and everything will just be a happy accident.You totally should! Art is one of the greatest things humans can do! As a skill, it only gets better with practice, so you can see your own progress which will only get better, encouraging you to do more. It's a perfect circle. And if you feel like you don't have a good style, don't think that! Everybody's style is unique to them in some way, some people like Pollack while others think it's just splatters. I believe in you and hope you post r/idrewapicture or r/art someday when you are comfortable.
Show name?	I don't believe Netflix has his show the Joy of Painting but I think it has the other one called Beauty is Everywhere. The Joy of Painting has episodes up on YouTube. :)
Show name?	The Joy of Painting, which is being livestreamed on Twitch right now, as usual.	https://www.twitch.tv/bobross
Yeah /u/ichdruecknix, what can we do for you?Hey, thanks for answering.. I was crying a lot and didn't know what to so I wrote here.. my best friend with whom I'm in love with for 6 years just broke contact with me because she said my love was destroying her life.. it's especially hard for me right now because I'm suffering from depression and am in psychiatry, but nothing seems to help me.. thanks for not leaving me alone..
God I love this subWe love you too
God I love this subWe love you more :)
God I love this subRight back atcha buddy!
Just don't look at trending. Seriously. Ah, just like a lot of default subs
That's crazy! So tell me the details, how did you two met?We were long distance for a very long time, just using Kik and Skype, since we were from different countries. Eventually we met, fortunately New Zealanders have a very easy time getting a visa to England. It was very awkward at first, but it was kinda like meeting up with a friend you havn't seen in years- eventually you get into the rhythm, and things are great. 		I guess I'll always be thankful to the youtuber Emma Blackery, though I don't watch her anymore
That's crazy! So tell me the details, how did you two met?Yes! Details, please! This sounds like a very interesting story.
Now you made me tear up! Go Ross family! Aaaaaah I'm not crying it's tears of joy!!!
Thanks for the kind words. This was our 4th painting. This was [number 3.](http://imgur.com/a/0p2di) I don't know why but the idea of a group of friends hanging out watching Bob Ross and painting seems really dope. Those paintings look great, hard to believe that's only painting #3. Do you have #1 and #2?
The best kind of novelty account! People could use a bit more positivity and friendliness these days, especially on the internet! :)You're absolutely right, ToothpickinCockhole! 
I don't believe Netflix has his show the Joy of Painting but I think it has the other one called Beauty is Everywhere. The Joy of Painting has episodes up on YouTube. :)Australian Netflix has Joy of Painting, don't know about others though!
You don't get to choose truth. Not seeing those things doesn't make them go away, and you suggesting it's okay to ignore them shows you're both privileged and unsympathetic to the suffering of others. You practically just said "Plug your ears and ignore the bad things around you and everything will be okay," and it's horrible advice.My apology. English isn't my native language(my country even has its own language that's nothing like English) so I must have phrased it wrong. I don't mean that you should be asympathetic about bad things and only care for what you like to see/hear. We shouldn't dwell on it especially things that can't be help. But you can choose what you take for an example I hate cigarette so I just hold my breath every times I pass by people smoking.	Sorry if this's also a terrible advice. Like I said English isn't my native language so I can't express what I want to say really well.
Hey, thanks for answering.. I was crying a lot and didn't know what to so I wrote here.. my best friend with whom I'm in love with for 6 years just broke contact with me because she said my love was destroying her life.. it's especially hard for me right now because I'm suffering from depression and am in psychiatry, but nothing seems to help me.. thanks for not leaving me alone..Something you'll come to find out about life is that you're never alone. We're living at a time in history where you can go on the internet and talk to thousands of people about anything and nothing.		I think you should find a subreddit that you have a passion for and start making comments on new posts to encourage and help other people who share your passion. Helping other people, even by just replying to their posts on the internet, can really help you as well.
We love you tooAw, thank you. I know it's just four words but it's the best thing I've heard all day. Thank you :)
We love you more :)Aww, thank you! I love you guys the most though :D
Right back atcha buddy!I *am* your friend, guy!
Yes! Details, please! This sounds like a very interesting story.People comment regularly on channels, start discussions, develop a rapport. Eventually it becomes something more. 		Seems interesting, but it's pretty commonplace these days, and the same story that has happened all the way since caveman said hi to cavewoman. Give men and women a way to communicate, they're find a way to fuck each other.
Aaaaaah I'm not crying it's tears of joy!!!*perspiring victory moisture from your eyes.
Then its not easy. That was my point.Well, perhaps not at first, I grew up thinking my art was bad because I'm not that great of a painter, but then i started drawing cartoons instead of real stuff and found out, I'm really good at cartoons! Then I bought some books to help me with hands and eyes which got better, but that doesn't matter because cartoons are imperfect, look at the Peanuts. Charles M. Schultz couldn't draw hands but that didn't stop him from making one of the most beloved comic strips of the 20th Century. Maybe you just haven't found what your creativity wants to create yet! And the only way to do that is by trying. I believe in you!
>adventure time				Yeah im not watching that All good :) Its just a 5 second clip if you wanna give it a chance
Aw, thank you. I know it's just four words but it's the best thing I've heard all day. Thank you :)Me too! Two more words!
Aw, thank you. I know it's just four words but it's the best thing I've heard all day. Thank you :)Me too, thanks
Aww, thank you! I love you guys the most though :DI love you too! And I'm very proud of you!
I *am* your friend, guy!You'd best believe I'm your guy, pal.
People comment regularly on channels, start discussions, develop a rapport. Eventually it becomes something more. 		Seems interesting, but it's pretty commonplace these days, and the same story that has happened all the way since caveman said hi to cavewoman. Give men and women a way to communicate, they're find a way to fuck each other.Female here, very emotional the last couple days of you catch my drift. I was reading the comment and was like "awe how cute" then I saw yours and cried, I just can't stop laughing. So to the point and logical. "They'll find a way to fuck each other" it's so true but damn boy... go see the wizard for a heart lmao 
People comment regularly on channels, start discussions, develop a rapport. Eventually it becomes something more. 		Seems interesting, but it's pretty commonplace these days, and the same story that has happened all the way since caveman said hi to cavewoman. Give men and women a way to communicate, they're find a way to fuck each other.Hate to be that guy but it's rapport
Me too! Two more words!You can be the best person you know as long as you care enough.
Female here, very emotional the last couple days of you catch my drift. I was reading the comment and was like "awe how cute" then I saw yours and cried, I just can't stop laughing. So to the point and logical. "They'll find a way to fuck each other" it's so true but damn boy... go see the wizard for a heart lmao "go see the wizard for a heart lmao" that is the best thing ever oh my god
You can be the best person you know as long as you care enough.Hi friend, I just wanted to let you know that I really appreciate your username. It made me chuckle. issa meme.
You can be the best person you know as long as you care enough.I'm not tearing up at comments on a gif on Reddit don't be ridiculous
I'm not tearing up at comments on a gif on Reddit don't be ridiculousMe too buddy. I started tearing up too and wondered if I was the only one :')
