"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."that was really sweet 
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."Oh damn the cop and the wife teamed up for a great wholesome tag-team bamboozle!		EDIT: It's always fun to see people say their top comment was on something weird or fucked up, but I'm glad my highest was on something as great as this :) thank you fellow friendos
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."the gif that keeps on giving
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."That was heartwarming
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."I cry easily, so my eyes got Misty at the initial reveal but as it went further I just bawled happy tears 
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."Sharing your birthday with your child. Can be quite a blessing, though it means you won't be centre of attention during your birthday ever again.
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."This is awesome, but the name "Todd" only reminds me of [this George Carlin sketch.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo8CrY_ZfFk)
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."It took me half the gif to realize that the wife is in the other seat, and not a child.
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."Hello! What a nice gif! I hope everyone is having an excellent day. Please be sure to share it with us at  /r/wholesomegifs also! We'd love to see you there as well.		[Thanks! I appreciate you all.](http://i.imgur.com/hbgtV4y.gifv)		*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wholesomememes) if you have any questions or concerns.*
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."Holy fucking shit, some of the comments in this thread are horrifying and disgusting. I don't suggest reading any of the comments near the bottom if you don't want to see red. So much racism being flung around freely. Having both a white cop and a black man in the same gif seems to be bringing the racists out in droves. Fucking vile shit. 
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."I don't want to sound negative but what is the purpose of a gif if it's 1:43 min long?
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."This is so adorable ahh!! Congrats to the happy couple <3 <3
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."This is just a great gif all around. The happiness in the father's face brightened my day!
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."What happens when your wife is creative and your friends are cops.
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."Normally I don't like pregnancy reveal posts but this was pretty fucking clever. 
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."I am almost completely emotionally unfazed to anything on the internet nowadays, but this made me smile hardcore without even realizing it!
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."I came here from r/funny to make sure this was posted here!
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat.""And here's your ticket."
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."I'm not crying. I'm just chopping some happy onions.
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."I think this is probably the only video/gif of a white cop and a black civilian that I've ever seen that didn't infuriate me. Faith in humanity restored.
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."I never understood actually saving the pregnancy test.  Like, "Look at this stick I peed on!  Look at it!"  It's possible to announce a pregnancy without it.		But that's just me rambling.  Nice video.
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."Oh damn, you made a child free person cry. This is powerful. 
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."Cops being bros. New sub?
"Sir, you've got a child in the car with no child seat."I just wanted to point out that this is already on the front page of Reddit, in case you didn't know! :)		Edit: removed bad link
\> Oh hey, a nice gif of a creative pregnancy notification, involving a cop who's clearly a friend.  		A few hours later....   	\> COP HATE RACE HATE USER HATE REEEEEEEEE    		[MRW](https://media.giphy.com/media/OF1dNzJcK8Su4/200.gif)		_____________________		\* (TY to the many who were civil & awesome here tho :)	   	\*\* Aaaaaaaaand we're locked.  Please enjoy our other fine content <3Ty for making this place so awesome
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."Oh my god
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."As someone who has had panic and anxiety attacks it makes me incredibly happy to hear that this cop took the time to make an impact in his life.  Having people be there and just understand is huge.		Way to go both of them!
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."The reason he has panic attacks and anxiety attacks is because he is a US veteran. I'm not sure if it was combat experience or just general army life, but it's really nice to see a vet getting such great treatment and even advocacy from an officer like this!
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."My friend is the second officer! Super nice guy!
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."Wow. This story hits all the modern feelz buttons. I'm impressed even if someone scripted this to promote positive attitudes about law enforcement. We got positive race relations, law enforcement, mental illness and the joy of fatherhood covered. If we could just have it end with a democrat and republican embracing in a bro hug this would be a masterpiece for the PR hall of fame. 
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."Feels
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."Anyone have a direct link to the video? This site doesn't like my phone for some reason. 
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."Holy shit. Everyone on Reddit likes to say they're cutting onions, but damn if this is the first time I cried from a post here.
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."[removed]
From the [video description] (http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5knsmk_police-pull-over-couple-to-reveal-a-pregnancy-announcement_people) there's a great back story to this.		"I've been struggling with my psychological disorders; being admitted to an inpatient hospital twice within the last 6 months and numerous Emergency Room visits due to panic and anxiety attacks," Jarred wrote online.		"I actually met the officers in the video during a very traumatic panic episode in November 2016 and ever since he's become a great advocate for my family and I."[removed]
that was really sweet "I'm just gonna tell you now, Todd is a great name"  	I really liked officer Todd!
that was really sweet I almost cried. I have never seen such a cute interaction.		Anybody have any more that will bring me tears of joy?
Oh damn the cop and the wife teamed up for a great wholesome tag-team bamboozle!		EDIT: It's always fun to see people say their top comment was on something weird or fucked up, but I'm glad my highest was on something as great as this :) thank you fellow friendosHe didn't purchase bamboozle insurance. 
Oh damn the cop and the wife teamed up for a great wholesome tag-team bamboozle!		EDIT: It's always fun to see people say their top comment was on something weird or fucked up, but I'm glad my highest was on something as great as this :) thank you fellow friendosDefinitely. This is the kind of "prank" I actually like to see on YouTube! :)
Oh damn the cop and the wife teamed up for a great wholesome tag-team bamboozle!		EDIT: It's always fun to see people say their top comment was on something weird or fucked up, but I'm glad my highest was on something as great as this :) thank you fellow friendosWas the second officer Linus?!
the gif that keeps on giving/r/gifsthatkeepongiving/
I cry easily, so my eyes got Misty at the initial reveal but as it went further I just bawled happy tears I dont cry easily but daaamn 
I cry easily, so my eyes got Misty at the initial reveal but as it went further I just bawled happy tears Same. Once I realized what was going on I was crying and it just got uglier and uglier as the video went on.lol
Sharing your birthday with your child. Can be quite a blessing, though it means you won't be centre of attention during your birthday ever again.I don't think that matters all that much though to some people. 
Sharing your birthday with your child. Can be quite a blessing, though it means you won't be centre of attention during your birthday ever again.I share a birthday with my niece so I feel that. My 20th birthday was princess themed.
Holy fucking shit, some of the comments in this thread are horrifying and disgusting. I don't suggest reading any of the comments near the bottom if you don't want to see red. So much racism being flung around freely. Having both a white cop and a black man in the same gif seems to be bringing the racists out in droves. Fucking vile shit. Please report any unwholesome comments that you see. 		We need the help of our awesome users to keep this place great! 
Holy fucking shit, some of the comments in this thread are horrifying and disgusting. I don't suggest reading any of the comments near the bottom if you don't want to see red. So much racism being flung around freely. Having both a white cop and a black man in the same gif seems to be bringing the racists out in droves. Fucking vile shit. What do you mean by "So much racism flung around freely"? I haven't seen a single racist comment in this thread so far. The few I saw were downvoted heavily
I don't want to sound negative but what is the purpose of a gif if it's 1:43 min long?Gifs take less to download on mobile and aren't so overt in more public places or in the workplace.
I don't want to sound negative but what is the purpose of a gif if it's 1:43 min long?Because not everyone can have sound on. I can watch gifs while I work, but not videos, or the "I'm checking MSDS" excuse will stop working 
I don't want to sound negative but what is the purpose of a gif if it's 1:43 min long?Mostly because most people who browse reddit on their phones dont have headphones in or can't play it on a speaker. Also even on a computer actually going to YouTube in a new tab is a pain, and even more so on a phone
I don't want to sound negative but what is the purpose of a gif if it's 1:43 min long?99% of time time I'll never click a video, but I'll watch a gif. 
I don't want to sound negative but what is the purpose of a gif if it's 1:43 min long?So my phone doesn't try to launch the YouTube app that I only have because I can't uninstall it.
I think this is probably the only video/gif of a white cop and a black civilian that I've ever seen that didn't infuriate me. Faith in humanity restored.Well, as far as most news channels are concerned, bad news is good news and good news is boring.
I think this is probably the only video/gif of a white cop and a black civilian that I've ever seen that didn't infuriate me. Faith in humanity restored.That's because you've only seen the ones that the media thinks is bad enough to show. It's all negative propaganda. There's tons of positivity in the world, and white cops don't usually just randomly go after black people like that. We truly do live in a world where multiple races can co-exist without whites atacking blacks and blacks attacking whites. It's a happy thing to think about.
I think this is probably the only video/gif of a white cop and a black civilian that I've ever seen that didn't infuriate me. Faith in humanity restored.Try getting off of the internet and only watching videos. Police and community relationship is pretty strong IRL...no matter the race or ethnicity. Go experience it. 
I just wanted to point out that this is already on the front page of Reddit, in case you didn't know! :)		Edit: removed bad linkYou linked to the gif, not the original post haha
[removed]Now that the experts have weighed in we can finally fix this problem.
[removed]I'm American and literally no one thinks that all cops want to kill black people. The issue is that it happens too much, and often the officer barely gets a slap on the wrist. 
[removed]Copypasta?
[removed]/r/iamverysmart
I just realized the wife set it up with the police... or something. What do you guys think?Uh yeah, that's pretty obvious. 
Ty for making this place so awesomeIt'd be nothing without awesome comments and OPs, I'd say we're all a good team <3
Oh my godYeah this is actually whole new levels of wholesome
Oh my god[removed]
Wow. This story hits all the modern feelz buttons. I'm impressed even if someone scripted this to promote positive attitudes about law enforcement. We got positive race relations, law enforcement, mental illness and the joy of fatherhood covered. If we could just have it end with a democrat and republican embracing in a bro hug this would be a masterpiece for the PR hall of fame. It already is a masterpiece, bipartisan love would just be icing on the cake.
Wow. This story hits all the modern feelz buttons. I'm impressed even if someone scripted this to promote positive attitudes about law enforcement. We got positive race relations, law enforcement, mental illness and the joy of fatherhood covered. If we could just have it end with a democrat and republican embracing in a bro hug this would be a masterpiece for the PR hall of fame. [removed]
Anyone have a direct link to the video? This site doesn't like my phone for some reason. Here's a [Youtube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DoYJaaQdGU) to the same video, friendo!
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
[removed]Please don't solicit personal info of redditors, or try to find out reddit accounts of people IRL. At least not in public.  It's a form of doxxing and is against site rules.   	I know you meant well, but many people don't wish their reddit accounts to be known by friends/fam, much less the general public or a huge sub.  (You can always google him to see if he even wishes to be contacted; many whose stuff goes viral just want to be left alone after all the trolling they get :)
[removed][removed]
I almost cried. I have never seen such a cute interaction.		Anybody have any more that will bring me tears of joy?/r/happycryingdads
He didn't purchase bamboozle insurance. Hard to know if you have a preexisting bamboozle though. 
He didn't purchase bamboozle insurance. Sometimes you gotta watch for who you buy your bamboozle insurance from cause I've been bamboozled by bamboozle insurance	
He didn't purchase bamboozle insurance. Nobody ever got bamboozled because they didn't have access to bamboozle insurance
Definitely. This is the kind of "prank" I actually like to see on YouTube! :)The best pranks are the ones everybody laughs about.
Was the second officer Linus?!He didnt drop the video card , so no I dont think it was linus. 
/r/gifsthatkeepongiving/thank you for this
Dang, I thought I was clever posting that.you know they say that "great minds think alike", don't tell yourself you're not clever :)
I dont cry easily but daaamn It's pretty dusty in here, no?
I don't think that matters all that much though to some people. My birthday is on valentine's day and it bothers me every year that I can't throw a party with my friends right on my birthday. Not to mention all restaurants are packed.
I don't think that matters all that much though to some people. I would love to not be the center of attention on my birthday.
What do you mean by "So much racism flung around freely"? I haven't seen a single racist comment in this thread so far. The few I saw were downvoted heavilyThat's because we remove hateful comments once we've seen them - often after enough people also saw & reported them :)   	(Sometimes before they see the light of day if they're hatey enough to trigger our bot. There have been many hateful comments today, both racist and cop-hate.)
Gifs take less to download on mobile and aren't so overt in more public places or in the workplace.That depends. Gifs are actually much bigger than standard videos, but gifv is smaller because it's just a video with no sound. I think a big reason gifs are posted rather than videos a lot of the time is so that people who aren't able to listen to audio at the time can watch it knowing they're not missing anything. 
Gifs take less to download on mobile and aren't so overt in more public places or in the workplace.thanks for the info! 
Because not everyone can have sound on. I can watch gifs while I work, but not videos, or the "I'm checking MSDS" excuse will stop working MSDS?
That's because you've only seen the ones that the media thinks is bad enough to show. It's all negative propaganda. There's tons of positivity in the world, and white cops don't usually just randomly go after black people like that. We truly do live in a world where multiple races can co-exist without whites atacking blacks and blacks attacking whites. It's a happy thing to think about.>It's all negative propaganda		Be careful what language you use.  Propaganda implies it's deliberate to send a political message. I don't believe in that kind of conspiratorial bunk.  It's all market forces, honestly.  I don't disagree with you overall--the media does show more negative than positive.  
That's because you've only seen the ones that the media thinks is bad enough to show. It's all negative propaganda. There's tons of positivity in the world, and white cops don't usually just randomly go after black people like that. We truly do live in a world where multiple races can co-exist without whites atacking blacks and blacks attacking whites. It's a happy thing to think about.[removed]
That's because you've only seen the ones that the media thinks is bad enough to show. It's all negative propaganda. There's tons of positivity in the world, and white cops don't usually just randomly go after black people like that. We truly do live in a world where multiple races can co-exist without whites atacking blacks and blacks attacking whites. It's a happy thing to think about.There is a definite trend of police being disproportionately violent against black people. Ignoring it in order to only have to think about positive incidents is not a good way to make the world a better place.
That's because you've only seen the ones that the media thinks is bad enough to show. It's all negative propaganda. There's tons of positivity in the world, and white cops don't usually just randomly go after black people like that. We truly do live in a world where multiple races can co-exist without whites atacking blacks and blacks attacking whites. It's a happy thing to think about.> That's because you've only seen the ones that the media thinks is bad enough to show. It's all negative propaganda.		I bet you and those upvotting you don't say the same about Wall St. There is TONS of good Wall St people do and did before 2008. But there was clearly a major problem with Wall St and the media focuses  on on that major issue.		So there are a lot of good cops like there are a lot of good people doing good things on wall st. However, just like Wall St ,there is a very serious issue going on with the police. Police in the US kill about 1100 people a year. In countries like Germany, they kill typically less than 10 or so a year. Across much of western Europe, it's typically in the single digits. 		I'm in no way arguing that all those 1100+ killing can be avoided, but when the number is far far far higher than other countries and nearly 0% of the cops are convicted of any serious crime, it indicates that there is a major problem with policing in the US. 				Laquan Mcdonald: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIJqDNCE2uE		 This is also perhaps the story that most explains how fucked up this situation is. Laquan McDonald, a black man shot by the police : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Laquan_McDonald		So here's the summary:		1. Oct 2014, a black 17 yr old McDonald is killed by police. An officer shot him 16 times. He was holding a 3 inch folding knife. 	2. The police didn't release the video. The state attorney general didn't press charges. The police ruled it justifiable homicide. There were SEVERAL officers present when the murder happened. The officers said the teen lunged at them with a knife after being asked to put the knife down. 	3. 13 months go by and they wont release the videos -- dashcam videos and video from a Burger King camera. 	4. A judge rules they must release the video by Dec 2015. They quietly release it Thanksgiving week. 	5. Video CLEARLY shows that McDonald was walking away, they crowded him, and he just continued walking parallel. One officer opened fired and shot at him 16 times, hitting him 9 times. 	6. Clearly everyone lied. Clearly the police tried to cover it up. Clearly the attorney general was helping in the cover up because she had a close relationship with the cops. 	7. The result? Officer FINALLY got charged with 1st degree murder ON THE FUCKING DAY THEY RELEASED THE VIDEO 13 MONTHS AFTER THE INCIDENT. The Attorney General lost re-election. The Chief of Police was fired. The mayor almost got kicked out. 			This story details how messed up the policing situation is. Everyone lies to protect dirty cops. 
Try getting off of the internet and only watching videos. Police and community relationship is pretty strong IRL...no matter the race or ethnicity. Go experience it. This all depends on where you live and is not universal whatsoever. 
I have no idea how people could downvote something like this, unless they really do want to believe that the police force is out to get people for being black.Its just not an appropriate place for this tho 
Yeah this is actually whole new levels of wholesomeThis is actually so wholesome I think I need to stop interneting for a bit.
[removed]I think his anxiety is from his experience as a veteran, not from every day excitement and overwhelming situations.
[removed]It depends what his triggers are/anxiety focuses around. Which his wife presumably knows. The guy doesn't look like he's shutting down or starting to panic IMO. And if he does feel overwhelmed, he has his wife and a friend who understand his issues right there to talk him down. 
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
It already is a masterpiece, bipartisan love would just be icing on the cake.the phrase 'bipartisan love' really gives me some sort of feeling
Here's a [Youtube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DoYJaaQdGU) to the same video, friendo!Thank you. YouTube is much friendlier than Dailymotion on mobile. 
Here's a [Youtube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DoYJaaQdGU) to the same video, friendo!Thought it would be better with sound. Was not disappointed.
[removed][removed]
/r/happycryingdadsGood call. Some gems on there. I recall a vid where a child saved his pocket money long enough to buy his dad a ps4. Their faces were absolute gold
/r/happycryingdadsThere's too many soldier videos. Not in a bad way, just they always make me cry the hardest
Hard to know if you have a preexisting bamboozle though. Good point. 
Hard to know if you have a preexisting bamboozle though. Okay, personal story time: 		I had a pre-existing bamboozle and I needed the bamboozle-no-more therapy being offered on Groupon. I went down to my local Hospital and I said, Mrs. Doctor-person, I need that surgery ASAP, this is causing me a hecking amount of trifle. She had the gall to tell me that my cut-rate, barebones compnay-offered insurance plan (this was all before Obamacare helped out by forcing eveyrone in the exchange to agree to less bamboozling btw) didn't cover elective bamboozle-ectomys. I was livid! It's now been 3 years on and I got the bamboozle taken care of and had a surgical mesh implanted to make sure the bamboozle doesn't poke through my abdominal wall again, but damn what a hassle all over a simple bamboozle that only required a 30 minute surgery and lots of pain meds!
It's pretty dusty in here, no?It's a terrible day for rain. 
My birthday is on valentine's day and it bothers me every year that I can't throw a party with my friends right on my birthday. Not to mention all restaurants are packed.Restaurants are packed because everyone else is also celebrating your birthday
My birthday is on valentine's day and it bothers me every year that I can't throw a party with my friends right on my birthday. Not to mention all restaurants are packed.My birthday either falls on Thanksgiving or on the same weekend as Thanksgiving. It doesn't bother me now that I'm older, but when I as younger, it was really disappointing that my friends were away and my extended family never really acknowledged that it was my birthday when they were over for Thanksgiving dinner.
That's because we remove hateful comments once we've seen them - often after enough people also saw & reported them :)   	(Sometimes before they see the light of day if they're hatey enough to trigger our bot. There have been many hateful comments today, both racist and cop-hate.)Well you guys are doing a wonderful job :) keep up the great work!
That's because we remove hateful comments once we've seen them - often after enough people also saw & reported them :)   	(Sometimes before they see the light of day if they're hatey enough to trigger our bot. There have been many hateful comments today, both racist and cop-hate.)Keep up the good work. Good thing most of the gross comments I saw had been downvoted, some heavily - so at least there's that.
That depends. Gifs are actually much bigger than standard videos, but gifv is smaller because it's just a video with no sound. I think a big reason gifs are posted rather than videos a lot of the time is so that people who aren't able to listen to audio at the time can watch it knowing they're not missing anything. Gifv is just considerate about everyone. 
MSDS?Material Safety Data Sheets, tells you safety and handling info about the chemical/whatever you happen to be working with.		Usually an excuse to pull my phone up and dick around for ten min before starting something. 
Turn your sound off? Gifs have subtitles 
[removed]Alright boiz, dis is r/wholesomememes. Lets just enjoy the nice gif :)
[removed]This. And no matter what you think the scale of the problem is, of course unjust death deserves media coverage. A loss of innocent life is a tragedy, and it's not "negative propaganda" to pay attention to tragedy. 
[removed]I'm pretty sure those statistics *don't* show that white cops go after black people looking for excuses to shoot them.
[removed][removed]
This all depends on where you live and is not universal whatsoever. Obviously it isn't universal. But it's certainly a LOT better than the media would have you believe. Most people get along.
This all depends on where you live and is not universal whatsoever. It's not universal, but it's true more often than not. Try going on a ride-a-long with your local PD and see for yourself what policing is like and how relations with *your* community are. The relationship between police and the community is really good in my area. 
that's a really broad statementThe irony coming from your post is not wholesome at all. You're in a comment chain that pretty much states all white cops don't like black people.
Yeah, now that I look back at it, I guess I was a bit confused because there was no backstory and it was just a gif.Based on what we see in the video, the driver and the cop on his side are clearly friends and he immediately launches into the joke.  And then the other cop has a gift for him.  I'd say that makes it planned. 
This is actually so wholesome I think I need to stop interneting for a bit.Me too, gotta go figure out who's cutting onions in my kitchen.
This is actually so wholesome I think I need to stop interneting for a bit.Wholesome overload. It's too strong.
This is actually so wholesome I think I need to stop interneting for a bit./r/2wholesome4me_irl
[removed]I think that "out of his head" reaction could largely be attributed to the fact he just rather recieved some life changing news. 
[removed][removed]
[removed]It probably helped that the officer was a family friend though
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
Good point. Keeping our bamboozle premiums low
Okay, personal story time: 		I had a pre-existing bamboozle and I needed the bamboozle-no-more therapy being offered on Groupon. I went down to my local Hospital and I said, Mrs. Doctor-person, I need that surgery ASAP, this is causing me a hecking amount of trifle. She had the gall to tell me that my cut-rate, barebones compnay-offered insurance plan (this was all before Obamacare helped out by forcing eveyrone in the exchange to agree to less bamboozling btw) didn't cover elective bamboozle-ectomys. I was livid! It's now been 3 years on and I got the bamboozle taken care of and had a surgical mesh implanted to make sure the bamboozle doesn't poke through my abdominal wall again, but damn what a hassle all over a simple bamboozle that only required a 30 minute surgery and lots of pain meds!> compnay-offered		Forrest, is that you?
Restaurants are packed because everyone else is also celebrating your birthdayJust like having a birthday on January 1. Everyone is celebrating with fireworks that it's your birthday!
Well you guys are doing a wonderful job :) keep up the great work!Appreciate it :D   	(Not that there isn't a time & place for talking about important issues involving law enforcement, race relations, etc....   just this isn't it.)     	Thanks for keeping this an uplifting place too <3
Keep up the good work. Good thing most of the gross comments I saw had been downvoted, some heavily - so at least there's that.Appreciate it, really!  Just keep reporting hateful shit where you see it, it really helps b/c there are only so many mods.  	(Obviously not just "report comments I disagree with" but I assume you mean insulty/hateful/troll comments that belongs in other subs, if anywhere :)
[removed]Why is that when Wall St does something good,  it's never covered. But when Wall St does something bad, it's all over the news. The media is there to cover the issues and in the process, hopefully change will happen. There are 1100+ people a year killed by cops each year, while countries like Germany kill maybe 10 per year. US cops kill far more unarmed people than western Europe kills as a whole 		The media's agenda to investigate and cover the bad. While they can clearly go overboard and creating stories that aren't there, when it comes to Wall St and Police, there is clearly a major problem going on.
[removed]It's because one is a systemic problem that is important to acknowledge and work towards stopping due to its prevalence. The other isn't. But also, statistics indicate black cops don't unjustly kill too many people. There's not a lot to report on that front. 
Alright boiz, dis is r/wholesomememes. Lets just enjoy the nice gif :)/u/YOLOSWAG420xX reminding us of what's important in life
[removed][removed]
I'm just going to edit over this comment since people would rather misinterpret my point and argue over nothing. 		For people that are new to the thread and don't want to be left out, all I said was you shouldn't let those statistics affect how you judge people from that group that you meet in life. Ignore any "Facts about group (x)" when you meet someone from that group, because its better to judge them by who they are, not where they're from.		Apology for causing conflict in this thread, I just woke up when I typed my original comment. I guess I should've waited until I got some coffee or something"I reject reality and substitute it with my own."	This is why problems fail to get solved. We would rather ignore them and feel comfortable than come together in discussion about uncomfortable topics to determine a solution. Wouldn't it be better if reality were the happier alternative and not our imagined what if world?
I'm just going to edit over this comment since people would rather misinterpret my point and argue over nothing. 		For people that are new to the thread and don't want to be left out, all I said was you shouldn't let those statistics affect how you judge people from that group that you meet in life. Ignore any "Facts about group (x)" when you meet someone from that group, because its better to judge them by who they are, not where they're from.		Apology for causing conflict in this thread, I just woke up when I typed my original comment. I guess I should've waited until I got some coffee or something> So I'd rather ignore those statistics and assume the alternative			That is such a dangerous thing. You are undermining the experiences of countless people. I'm not saying you have to be a staunch advocate, but acknowledging that the statistics do exist for a reason is important. How would you feel about someone only seeing the negative? I think both positive and negative have a place in the world and it's not a good thing to shut yourself off from that. Isn't the good much sweeter because of the bad?			That being said, I love how you seek the positivity in everything! :D
Because most of the time, there is a probable cause.Have you counted how many black US citizens have been murdered by white cops for non-violent or no offenses? Minor traffic violations, selling cigarettes, wearing a hoodie? The disparity of how white and black Americans are treated by white cops for similar actions on average is extreme.
It's not universal, but it's true more often than not. Try going on a ride-a-long with your local PD and see for yourself what policing is like and how relations with *your* community are. The relationship between police and the community is really good in my area. I lived in San Jose and the police were horrible and I was afraid of them. Just walking down the street I would be harassed. I now live in a small town near Sacramento and the police are the best. I have gotten to know some of them and they have a very good relationship with the community. So just from my experiences it depends on where you live. Might differ in other people's experiences. Police culture is different depending on where you go. I don't think this is that controversial.
It's not universal, but it's true more often than not. Try going on a ride-a-long with your local PD and see for yourself what policing is like and how relations with *your* community are. The relationship between police and the community is really good in my area. I did a ride-along with my friend's uncle, a Seattle PD officer. 		Turns out, SPD are pretty much exactly as bad as everyone thinks they are. At least, the interactions I saw were very racially charged and her uncle is kind of a dick on top of that. I didn't see any actual violence, but he definitely targeted minorities for traffic stops and was verbally aggressive and physically intimidating towards them. 
Well I don't see that this is an appropriate place for all of the "whites kill blacks" comments that are being upvoted.Where are those in this thread? I don't see any highly upvoted comment like you suggest. What I do see in this thread is you trying to use this video as proof that there isn't a problem with the police and that it is the media's fault. 
Well I don't see that this is an appropriate place for all of the "whites kill blacks" comments that are being upvoted.Having trouble finding them, can you direct me friendo?
Me too, gotta go figure out who's cutting onions in my kitchen.Glad it's not just me.   Damn onions....
Me too, gotta go figure out who's cutting onions in my kitchen.[Here, this will help clean it up](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/531/319/99f.gif)
[removed][removed]
[removed][removed]
Keeping our bamboozle premiums lowUniversal Trickery Care!
> compnay-offered		Forrest, is that you?Momma said life was like a box of chocolates, you never know what yer gunna get. But what momma didn't say was that some of those chocolates could be bamboozels.
Just like having a birthday on January 1. Everyone is celebrating with fireworks that it's your birthday!I don't share my birthday with my mom but I was born on Mother's Day. My mommy didn't have to wait long to celebrate it for the first time :)
Just like having a birthday on January 1. Everyone is celebrating with fireworks that it's your birthday![deleted]
/u/YOLOSWAG420xX reminding us of what's important in life
No, because you haven't provided statistics.https://www.google.com/amp/www.vanityfair.com/news/2016/07/data-police-racial-bias/amp
You also have to take into account the higher crime rate. The article addresses that in the first section saying that fatality rate percentages between white and black Americans remained regardless of community, meaning  the crime rate of a community made no significant impact on prevalence of racial fatality disparities. 
