Everything will be okay.I especially love it when i walk with kids and have them hold on to my pinky cuz their hands are small and cute!
Everything will be okay.Baby: Shh bby is ok
Everything will be okay.Ok so something similar happened to me once. I was having a bad day and was on the train. Pretty sure I was frowning and this baby in a stroller looks at me and probably figured I was grumpy and offers me her pacifier. It just changed my mood instantly and I started laughing. 
Everything will be okay.:')
Everything will be okay.I'm crazy but...		I think children are inherently more in tune with emotions and are definitely note willing to act on it. They don't understand the reason for the hurt, but they see and feel the hurt and do their little best to fix it the only way they know how. Closer to the veil, unspoiled by the world, whatever you want to call it.		Heaven belongs to ones such as these indeed!
Everything will be okay.This is definitely two different children sitting next to each other. 
Everything will be okay.Sorry, but that finger belongs to the baby now. They clearly claimed it.
Everything will be okay.That is a future politician if I ever saw one. "Hi, my name is Streetlamp LeMoose and I'm here to brighten your day. Vote for me in 2044."
Everything will be okay.There's a roughly 15 year age gap between my little Sister and I. When she was a toddler, I was in the shittier part of late-stage adolesance. I was unemployed, living at home, and had an awful sleep schedule. I'd often be awake all night and sleep in the slday. Because of this, Id often do the morning shift of sorting out my Sister's breakfast and what not to give my Mum some extra snooze time.		One morning, I'm not doing very well. Battered from a generally unhealthy lifestyle and no doubt extra weakened by fatigue, I'm stood in the kitchen to pour her some cereal while she watched TV in the living room. For reasons I cant remember, I just start sobbing. Probably over nothing, just one of those times you need to cry.		She comes tottering into the kitchen and asks in her toddler proto-speak "what's wrong?". I do my best to hide it but she can tell. She tots over and gives me a hug, and it was almost enough to set me off again.		I dont know if it was because she was my Sister but the fact that a little babby who can barely walk or talk can tell whats up and know that you need a hug was pretty amazing to me. 
Everything will be okay.I had this happen to me. Baby on the metro was reaching for my hand, so I just lifted my index finger for baby to reach, baby caught it and started giggling furiously. Instantly made me jollier... then baby tried to put my finger in mouth... Babies are adorably stupid. 
Everything will be okay.The baby is not smiling
Everything will be okay.Baby got his life together after a hard life in the projects. Now he does motivational speeches for at risk children across the country.
Everything will be okay.Having a bad day until I saw this. I know everyone goes crazy about animals on here, but I think children are amazing!
Everything will be okay.I am having a rough day today, I fell for a girl when we were meant to keep it casual. She's moving away and isn't looking for anything serious, and I don't want to be a dick and just stop chatting but hanging out is too depressing now. 		You guys have helped build a special community, I know positivity breeds positivity and I love everyome here for spreading the wholesomeness! Today I just needed to vent and it's always good knowing there are people on this sub that will listen and try to make others feel valuable.
Everything will be okay.That babe does not appear to be smiling
Everything will be okay.don't touch other people's babies though.
I especially love it when i walk with kids and have them hold on to my pinky cuz their hands are small and cute![Like lil human toe beans :D](https://imgur.com/gallery/F3Y2x)	Enjoy your hand lettered username!	>You can see all my past lettered usernames at r/letters_ur_username
I especially love it when i walk with kids and have them hold on to my pinky cuz their hands are small and cute!man for the longest time when i was a kid i used to approach any baby that had recently entered my family and put my finger in its hand and ill be damned if every one of them didn't grab my finger		baby's first handshake, courtesy of the younger aunt. 
I especially love it when i walk with kids and have them hold on to my pinky cuz their hands are small and cute!I stopped doing that after my toddler tripped and went down while holding on to my finger and nearly put it into a 90 degree angle dislocation in the process.  
I especially love it when i walk with kids and have them hold on to my pinky cuz their hands are small and cute!That's how my girlfriend and I hold hands in public 
I especially love it when i walk with kids and have them hold on to my pinky cuz their hands are small and cute!Smol kids with their tiny hands are the cutest.		Bonus points if they look at you and smile or laugh.
Baby: Shh bby is okThis the lowest upvoted gilded comment I've ever seen.		E: it had 21 upvotes when I commented. 
Ok so something similar happened to me once. I was having a bad day and was on the train. Pretty sure I was frowning and this baby in a stroller looks at me and probably figured I was grumpy and offers me her pacifier. It just changed my mood instantly and I started laughing. My heart... That's so adorable.
Ok so something similar happened to me once. I was having a bad day and was on the train. Pretty sure I was frowning and this baby in a stroller looks at me and probably figured I was grumpy and offers me her pacifier. It just changed my mood instantly and I started laughing. Reminds me of the dog that would [offer his favorite sock](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2016-10/18/17/asset/buzzfeed-prod-fastlane02/sub-buzz-5073-1476827629-12.jpg?downsize=715:*&output-format=auto&output-quality=auto) to the sad owner :) 	
Ok so something similar happened to me once. I was having a bad day and was on the train. Pretty sure I was frowning and this baby in a stroller looks at me and probably figured I was grumpy and offers me her pacifier. It just changed my mood instantly and I started laughing. "It works for me!"
Ok so something similar happened to me once. I was having a bad day and was on the train. Pretty sure I was frowning and this baby in a stroller looks at me and probably figured I was grumpy and offers me her pacifier. It just changed my mood instantly and I started laughing. Similar thing happened to me when I was manic. Long haul flight, was obviously anxious, baby in seat up front reached out his hand. He had the kindest eyes ive seen
Ok so something similar happened to me once. I was having a bad day and was on the train. Pretty sure I was frowning and this baby in a stroller looks at me and probably figured I was grumpy and offers me her pacifier. It just changed my mood instantly and I started laughing. She probably thought since it made her happy, it'll make you happy. So nice. 
:')<3
I'm crazy but...		I think children are inherently more in tune with emotions and are definitely note willing to act on it. They don't understand the reason for the hurt, but they see and feel the hurt and do their little best to fix it the only way they know how. Closer to the veil, unspoiled by the world, whatever you want to call it.		Heaven belongs to ones such as these indeed!Kids don't have the boundaries we do. If you were to pay attention to people around you rather than what's going through your own head, you'd probably sense if people needed a smile or not, too. And you would probably second-guess yourself for not wanting to appear "creepy" or anything else negative as well. 
I'm crazy but...		I think children are inherently more in tune with emotions and are definitely note willing to act on it. They don't understand the reason for the hurt, but they see and feel the hurt and do their little best to fix it the only way they know how. Closer to the veil, unspoiled by the world, whatever you want to call it.		Heaven belongs to ones such as these indeed!I've recently been diagnosed with depression, and I also babysit two little kids, 4 and 7. I always look forward to seeing them because the sound of their laughter, playing with them, and just being around them is therapeutic in a way :)			EDIT: If anyone is curious, here are the [two little sunshines](http://i.imgur.com/ANygzaa.jpg?1) ! This is my favorite picture of us all together :)		
I'm crazy but...		I think children are inherently more in tune with emotions and are definitely note willing to act on it. They don't understand the reason for the hurt, but they see and feel the hurt and do their little best to fix it the only way they know how. Closer to the veil, unspoiled by the world, whatever you want to call it.		Heaven belongs to ones such as these indeed!But they can also sniff out your biggest insecurity and go for the jugular with an honesty blade.
I'm crazy but...		I think children are inherently more in tune with emotions and are definitely note willing to act on it. They don't understand the reason for the hurt, but they see and feel the hurt and do their little best to fix it the only way they know how. Closer to the veil, unspoiled by the world, whatever you want to call it.		Heaven belongs to ones such as these indeed!This is how I feel about dogs.
I'm crazy but...		I think children are inherently more in tune with emotions and are definitely note willing to act on it. They don't understand the reason for the hurt, but they see and feel the hurt and do their little best to fix it the only way they know how. Closer to the veil, unspoiled by the world, whatever you want to call it.		Heaven belongs to ones such as these indeed!Once my kindergarten teacher had to go to the hospital for an emergency and when she came back I gave her a kiss and said that everything will be alright. I didn't remember that well, but my parents told me some time ago.	 However she died while I was still in kindergarten...
I'm crazy but...		I think children are inherently more in tune with emotions and are definitely note willing to act on it. They don't understand the reason for the hurt, but they see and feel the hurt and do their little best to fix it the only way they know how. Closer to the veil, unspoiled by the world, whatever you want to call it.		Heaven belongs to ones such as these indeed!I work with K through 8th grade students and from my personal experience, I have to disagree with you. Kids don't care about how you feel because they lack any empathy. I speak subjectively, but the children I work day to day with dont care about how I or my fellow staff feel because what they're interested in is fulfilling their desires. There are those who will be loving and caring because they are making the honest effort to be that way and they will make you feel good during your tough situations, but they aren't doing so because they're "in tune" with emotions. They're doing it because that's how they want to be. We give too much credit to kids. If by chance they know you're not feeling okay, they'll act on it just as proportionately as some adult would. Excuse me for being pessimistic about it. I love working with children but to continue I've had to forsake the idea that children are inherently good. Really what it comes down to are environment and household experiences for children, which are out of our control. 
This is definitely two different children sitting next to each other. Pretty sure one of them is an adult.
Sorry, but that finger belongs to the baby now. They clearly claimed it.I can guarantee as soon as they tried to take their finger back this child death gripped their finger.
That is a future politician if I ever saw one. "Hi, my name is Streetlamp LeMoose and I'm here to brighten your day. Vote for me in 2044.""Streetlamp LeMoose" 
The baby is not smilingIt is on the inside cause it just infected that person with alien microbes. Baby hands be dirty. 
don't touch other people's babies though.Don't let your baby touch other people.
don't touch other people's babies though.I hate it when people walk up to my kid in the cart and touch their hands. Of course my kid is going to reach out to you... you're giving him attention. That doesn't give you permission to touch him, especially his hands. Now he's going to lick his hands and eat your germs. I don't know if you're sick, or if you washed your hands after going to the bathroom, or if you picked your nose on the way to the grocery store. 
[removed] pretty sure nobody claimed it would....
[Like lil human toe beans :D](https://imgur.com/gallery/F3Y2x)	Enjoy your hand lettered username!	>You can see all my past lettered usernames at r/letters_ur_usernameYour lettering looks really cool! Just subscribed :D
[Like lil human toe beans :D](https://imgur.com/gallery/F3Y2x)	Enjoy your hand lettered username!	>You can see all my past lettered usernames at r/letters_ur_usernameMost wholesome user on reddit, making one users day at a time
[Like lil human toe beans :D](https://imgur.com/gallery/F3Y2x)	Enjoy your hand lettered username!	>You can see all my past lettered usernames at r/letters_ur_usernameWhoa cool! How do I get in on this cool hand lettered username jazz?
man for the longest time when i was a kid i used to approach any baby that had recently entered my family and put my finger in its hand and ill be damned if every one of them didn't grab my finger		baby's first handshake, courtesy of the younger aunt. Isn't it a reflex anyways? I think when they are relaxed they cannot not grab on at least for the first few seconds.
man for the longest time when i was a kid i used to approach any baby that had recently entered my family and put my finger in its hand and ill be damned if every one of them didn't grab my finger		baby's first handshake, courtesy of the younger aunt. Do you then fart and blame them for pulling your finger?
This the lowest upvoted gilded comment I've ever seen.		E: it had 21 upvotes when I commented. I have a gilded comment with 2 upvotes. 
Reminds me of the dog that would [offer his favorite sock](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2016-10/18/17/asset/buzzfeed-prod-fastlane02/sub-buzz-5073-1476827629-12.jpg?downsize=715:*&output-format=auto&output-quality=auto) to the sad owner :) 	A friends dog really enjoys carrying around shoes. So everytime he comes to greet someone he likes, he'll pick up a shoe and hold it out to them.
<3>
Kids don't have the boundaries we do. If you were to pay attention to people around you rather than what's going through your own head, you'd probably sense if people needed a smile or not, too. And you would probably second-guess yourself for not wanting to appear "creepy" or anything else negative as well. When you put it that way, babies would have less of a social barrier to break through as well. If a baby does something weird or creepy it's normally dismissed because "It's just a baby, it doesn't know any better". But if an adult did something similar, the perception would be "Wow, what a creep".
I've recently been diagnosed with depression, and I also babysit two little kids, 4 and 7. I always look forward to seeing them because the sound of their laughter, playing with them, and just being around them is therapeutic in a way :)			EDIT: If anyone is curious, here are the [two little sunshines](http://i.imgur.com/ANygzaa.jpg?1) ! This is my favorite picture of us all together :)		Random redditor hugs!
I've recently been diagnosed with depression, and I also babysit two little kids, 4 and 7. I always look forward to seeing them because the sound of their laughter, playing with them, and just being around them is therapeutic in a way :)			EDIT: If anyone is curious, here are the [two little sunshines](http://i.imgur.com/ANygzaa.jpg?1) ! This is my favorite picture of us all together :)		People are so different - I was diagnosed a while back (and have since made a lot of progress back to normalcy) but being around my happy giggly 3 and 7 year olds were some of my worst moments. I love them to death, but just hated interacting with such happy people when I wasn't. I was afraid they'd see right through me despite my best efforts to hide the situation.
I've recently been diagnosed with depression, and I also babysit two little kids, 4 and 7. I always look forward to seeing them because the sound of their laughter, playing with them, and just being around them is therapeutic in a way :)			EDIT: If anyone is curious, here are the [two little sunshines](http://i.imgur.com/ANygzaa.jpg?1) ! This is my favorite picture of us all together :)		Everything will be okay :)
I've recently been diagnosed with depression, and I also babysit two little kids, 4 and 7. I always look forward to seeing them because the sound of their laughter, playing with them, and just being around them is therapeutic in a way :)			EDIT: If anyone is curious, here are the [two little sunshines](http://i.imgur.com/ANygzaa.jpg?1) ! This is my favorite picture of us all together :)		This is why I want to work with kids.	I find it hard to be sad when I'm with those little bundles of happiness 
I've recently been diagnosed with depression, and I also babysit two little kids, 4 and 7. I always look forward to seeing them because the sound of their laughter, playing with them, and just being around them is therapeutic in a way :)			EDIT: If anyone is curious, here are the [two little sunshines](http://i.imgur.com/ANygzaa.jpg?1) ! This is my favorite picture of us all together :)		Depression can be rough but it's a lot better with something to enjoy and look forward to every day. 
I've recently been diagnosed with depression, and I also babysit two little kids, 4 and 7. I always look forward to seeing them because the sound of their laughter, playing with them, and just being around them is therapeutic in a way :)			EDIT: If anyone is curious, here are the [two little sunshines](http://i.imgur.com/ANygzaa.jpg?1) ! This is my favorite picture of us all together :)		I hear you. I was having a rough time after a death in the family. On the way home my flight was delayed, then the destination was re-routed in-flight due to bad conditions on the destination runway. I wasn't in a good space emotionally...and here comes this little kid. 4-5 years old...he's got a huge bag of York Mini Peppermint patties, and is walking down the aisle, handing them out to everyone. 		He could tell everyone was feeling a little off, and wanted to cheer us up. It worked for me immediately. :)		Ya gotta love kids. 
?Left picture has a kid at a window seat. Right picture has a kid at a not-window-seat. The clothes on the kids also appear to be a different color. It's all kinda' pedantic though. Just messing with OP.
I can guarantee as soon as they tried to take their finger back this child death gripped their finger.As a new uncle, i can attest to this statement
"Streetlamp LeMoose" https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/jlao6/so_my_wife_just_agreed_to_name_our_unborn_son/c2d21qe/?context=3		It's amazing.
It is on the inside cause it just infected that person with alien microbes. Baby hands be dirty. Babies are sticky and clammy no matter what. You give them a bath and as soon as you dry them off, they're sticky again. Wholesome and pure, but v sticky. 
Your lettering looks really cool! Just subscribed :D[He's just a big baby](http://picsagain.com/hes-just-a-big-baby/)  
Do you then fart and blame them for pulling your finger?That's how trust issues are created
[removed]Not wholesome, friend
[removed]No one's a dummy here, friend :) 
I have a gilded comment with 2 upvotes. I got gilded once at -1, but then it got downvoted even more 
>How did you do that
When you put it that way, babies would have less of a social barrier to break through as well. If a baby does something weird or creepy it's normally dismissed because "It's just a baby, it doesn't know any better". But if an adult did something similar, the perception would be "Wow, what a creep".If a baby goes up to a random stranger, sits on their lap and poops, it's perfectly fine. If an adult male does it, suddenly it's a felony. What gives?
When you put it that way, babies would have less of a social barrier to break through as well. If a baby does something weird or creepy it's normally dismissed because "It's just a baby, it doesn't know any better". But if an adult did something similar, the perception would be "Wow, what a creep".That's exactly what they are saying
Depression can be rough but it's a lot better with something to enjoy and look forward to every day. The really rough part is when things aren't possible to be viewed in that light.  My depression wasn't really tied to my day to day life as it was to struggling with existence itself.		I know 'it gets better' is beyond cliche, but for me it did.  It may have taken not only days, months, but years to get better, but it did.  		During that time, the last vestige of a general 'looking forward to' thing was for me the mystery of life and search for meaning even if I felt empty at times.  I didn't want leave a universe filled with endless wonder and questions, I still wanted to stay and explore.		That's what kept me and still keeps me here.  		I'm sorry if this comment didn't seem totally wholesome, but when people were honest to me in that time it made me feel the best.
As a new uncle, i can attest to this statementAs the oldest of 5, I can also attest to this statement.
[removed]It's a primitive reflex frienderino. They just want to explore the worlderino, neighborino.
I got gilded once at -1, but then it got downvoted even more /r/negativewithgold
I got gilded once at -1, but then it got downvoted even more I have a gilded comment, that isn't even gilded.
How did you do thatThey used a mirror
If a baby goes up to a random stranger, sits on their lap and poops, it's perfectly fine. If an adult male does it, suddenly it's a felony. What gives?>If a baby goes up to a random stranger, sits on their lap and poops, it's perfectly fine.		Is this... a regular occurrence in your life?
If a baby goes up to a random stranger, sits on their lap and poops, it's perfectly fine. If an adult male does it, suddenly it's a felony. What gives?you trying to tell us something?
The really rough part is when things aren't possible to be viewed in that light.  My depression wasn't really tied to my day to day life as it was to struggling with existence itself.		I know 'it gets better' is beyond cliche, but for me it did.  It may have taken not only days, months, but years to get better, but it did.  		During that time, the last vestige of a general 'looking forward to' thing was for me the mystery of life and search for meaning even if I felt empty at times.  I didn't want leave a universe filled with endless wonder and questions, I still wanted to stay and explore.		That's what kept me and still keeps me here.  		I'm sorry if this comment didn't seem totally wholesome, but when people were honest to me in that time it made me feel the best.I was diagnosed with depression a few days ago after repeated breakdowns, loss of focus in day to day activities, motivation to get out of bed, intense mood swings, and a lack of sleep, eating, etc. I've had a lot of tough times in my life, but this past 3 months has been the hardest. 		For some reason what you said touched me; something finally made sense to me. And I want to say thank you for it. 
The really rough part is when things aren't possible to be viewed in that light.  My depression wasn't really tied to my day to day life as it was to struggling with existence itself.		I know 'it gets better' is beyond cliche, but for me it did.  It may have taken not only days, months, but years to get better, but it did.  		During that time, the last vestige of a general 'looking forward to' thing was for me the mystery of life and search for meaning even if I felt empty at times.  I didn't want leave a universe filled with endless wonder and questions, I still wanted to stay and explore.		That's what kept me and still keeps me here.  		I'm sorry if this comment didn't seem totally wholesome, but when people were honest to me in that time it made me feel the best.The kids shed a little bit of light in the darkness that I'm stuck in, if you get what I mean. But everyone experiences this in their own unique way. I'm really happy that you found something worth sticking around a ~~whole~~ while for :) It gives me hope that one day I can find my way out of the darkness.
/r/negativewithgoldI didn't know that was a thing. I have a comment that's -1963 and has gold.	
They used a mirrorO:
>If a baby goes up to a random stranger, sits on their lap and poops, it's perfectly fine.		Is this... a regular occurrence in your life?yes
I didn't know that was a thing. I have a comment that's -1963 and has gold.	Link me fam
O::O
yesI find it hilarious that OP finds this surprising. It literally happens **all** the time 			\\\_()_/ 
Link me fam[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/3auk69/happy_10th_birthday_to_us_celebrating_the_best_of/csg3r0l/?context=3&st=j2g0u5e5&sh=e46803b3)
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/blog/comments/3auk69/happy_10th_birthday_to_us_celebrating_the_best_of/csg3r0l/?context=3&st=j2g0u5e5&sh=e46803b3)God damn. Why was that comment bad enough for -3000?
God damn. Why was that comment bad enough for -3000?Because it was made by Ellen Pao, and redditors hated her for some reason.
