MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a party* Wink- Check		* Slight Bob- Check		* Fairy Wings- Check		I don't know where I was going with this I just wanted to make a list.
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyThat little head bob made my heart melt...
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyI'll be damned if that's not [this guy](https://i.imgur.com/EucIfYY.gif) in dog form.
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a party"Oh no! Was I using my left eye?!"
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyThis dog is cooler than I'll ever be. What a great guy. 
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyHOLY SHIT HE WINKED
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyHey so I recently started seeing a girl. I spent nearly all of 2016 being really bummed out and for a long time felt kinda worthless. Then I made a really great friend, started working on myself(thinking positive, yoga, dressing well, got a nice job), joined the wholesome meme community and lately I've been feeling great. The girl was the real cherry on the cake as I haven't been on a proper date in about a year. Anyway just wanted to share with you guys(and gals). 
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyThis will be buried, and probably no one cares, but I finally got a job offer today after months of searching and this is the first thing I see on my front page. 		Upvotes for every comment :) 
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyI think this gif is pretty suitable as well https://i.imgur.com/EucIfYY.gif
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyYou need to be happy for him and here's why: you're in this together. People function better when they got eachother's back. Their win is your win. Life is not an individual achievement but a group effort. Be excellent to eachother!
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyThat's a cute doggo
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyThat nod and wink was subtle and smooth as fuck.  Took me a couple loops to figure it out
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyhttps://gfycat.com/NarrowBlandDoctorfish
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyI'm not the friend that gets girls numbers 
MRW I see a friend who has been really bummed out for a long time get a girl's number at a partyTo get serious for a second hes not going to be happy just because hes in a relationship, I've never known someone who was depressed to feel better just because theyre in a relationship. I mean sure they feel good when theyre together but when theyre apart its not like it fades away. The depression is still there. My current girlfriend who I love is still dealing with depression despite the fact we have amazing time together. 		This feeling that depression comes from loneliness is untrue I know a ton of people in very happy relationships where they or their partner is dealing with depression and cant escape it.		However this is a wholesome memes post so thats a cute doggo and I hope your friend finds happiness with himself and the girl.
* Wink- Check		* Slight Bob- Check		* Fairy Wings- Check		I don't know where I was going with this I just wanted to make a list.It is a list of all my favorite things 
That little head bob made my heart melt...smooth as heck
That little head bob made my heart melt...This post is outstandingly wholesome
That little head bob made my heart melt..."I told him 'I envisioned happiness around the corner. The universe works in mysterious way but you must believe it loves you.' Things are going to be alright in the end, I just know it."
I'll be damned if that's not [this guy](https://i.imgur.com/EucIfYY.gif) in dog form.Robert Redford
"Oh no! Was I using my left eye?!"I just saw GotG Vol. 2 last night, haha.
This dog is cooler than I'll ever be. What a great guy. Don't sell yourself short friend!
This dog is cooler than I'll ever be. What a great guy. An upstanding doggo.
This dog is cooler than I'll ever be. What a great guy. G R E A T B O Y E
This dog is cooler than I'll ever be. What a great guy. You're cool too!
HOLY SHIT HE WINKEDTHEN HE DID A LEGIT BRO NOD
Hey so I recently started seeing a girl. I spent nearly all of 2016 being really bummed out and for a long time felt kinda worthless. Then I made a really great friend, started working on myself(thinking positive, yoga, dressing well, got a nice job), joined the wholesome meme community and lately I've been feeling great. The girl was the real cherry on the cake as I haven't been on a proper date in about a year. Anyway just wanted to share with you guys(and gals). 
This will be buried, and probably no one cares, but I finally got a job offer today after months of searching and this is the first thing I see on my front page. 		Upvotes for every comment :) I'm glad for you :)
This will be buried, and probably no one cares, but I finally got a job offer today after months of searching and this is the first thing I see on my front page. 		Upvotes for every comment :) Awesome! Such a weight off the shoulders.  What will you be doing?
I think this gif is pretty suitable as well https://i.imgur.com/EucIfYY.gifSlap some wings on that guy and I wouldn't even be able to tell the difference between the two gifs.
I think this gif is pretty suitable as well https://i.imgur.com/EucIfYY.gifWow lol forgot about that one, better imo
You need to be happy for him and here's why: you're in this together. People function better when they got eachother's back. Their win is your win. Life is not an individual achievement but a group effort. Be excellent to eachother!I believe the tone of the post is "im just dandy over here with my fairy wings, so I'm slyly congratulating you and giving my nod of pride"
To get serious for a second hes not going to be happy just because hes in a relationship, I've never known someone who was depressed to feel better just because theyre in a relationship. I mean sure they feel good when theyre together but when theyre apart its not like it fades away. The depression is still there. My current girlfriend who I love is still dealing with depression despite the fact we have amazing time together. 		This feeling that depression comes from loneliness is untrue I know a ton of people in very happy relationships where they or their partner is dealing with depression and cant escape it.		However this is a wholesome memes post so thats a cute doggo and I hope your friend finds happiness with himself and the girl.That's true, but I can tell you that having someone to be there for you to make you feel less alone definitely helps.
It is a list of all my favorite things Good to remember for when dogs bite or when bees sting.
It is a list of all my favorite things Just a few
smooth as heckSuch a Gooood Boye!
smooth as hecka heckin smooth pup and r/rarepuppers would agree
smooth as heckCan we say fuck in this sub?
Robert RedfordTil that's not Zach Galifanakis
I just saw GotG Vol. 2 last night, haha.You're beautiful...on the inside.
I just saw GotG Vol. 2 last night, haha.me too!  freaking awesome flick
I just saw GotG Vol. 2 last night, haha.Nope, not reading the rest of this thread. *plugs ears and closes eyes*
Don't sell yourself short friend! You too can wear fairy wings!
Don't sell yourself short friend!I'm a short friend, but I was never planning to sell myself.
THEN HE DID A LEGIT BRO NODOH FUCK HE'S ROCKING FAIRY WINGS AW HELL YEAH
Awesome! Such a weight off the shoulders.  What will you be doing?It's a long term internship for my schools program. I'll be testing and fixing code for a medical company. 
Wow lol forgot about that one, better imoAlthough this is a timeless classic, the gif you linked is pretty amazing. 
I believe the tone of the post is "im just dandy over here with my fairy wings, so I'm slyly congratulating you and giving my nod of pride"I believe friends are what gets us through life. I'm thinking of one dude in particular who got me through a lot. I wish for everyone to have someone like my friend in their life.
That's true, but I can tell you that having someone to be there for you to make you feel less alone definitely helps.Oh definitely. But I feel too many teenagers and people in their 20s think that theyre sad because theyre not in a relationship where their sadness stems from some part of them.		Its also can be a bit of a burden on your SO in that they are the source of your happiness. which shouldnt be true no one should have that burden to bear. 
Good to remember for when dogs bite or when bees sting.Or when you're feeling sad
Good to remember for when dogs bite or when bees sting.Bees don't sting unless you fuck with them. Bees are your bros. Bees take care of your garden and all the plants down at the park. Bees are cool and make us honey. Bees are hard working little oompa loompas who just want to be left alone. 		Wasps on the other hand... Wasps exist solely to ruin everyone's day.
Good to remember for when dogs bite or when bees sting.When the dog winks, when the head bobs, with those fair-ry wings. 
Just a fewhttps://youtu.be/34-lvMf_sMY	My favorite version of that song. 
Can we say fuck in this sub?Fuck yeah! 		As long as it is a positive fuck I think. 
Can we say fuck in this sub?Hey fren, don't do a bad. The puppers no like. 
Til that's not Zach GalifanakisIt is
You're beautiful...on the inside.I'm Mary Poppins, y'all!
You're beautiful...on the inside.I could have had a 2 hour and 15 minute movie of just Drax and I would have been the happiest ~~morherfucker~~ motherfucker ever		E: also, was anyone else surprised to learn that the movie was over 2 hours long? It didn't feel its length at all to me.
Or when you're feeling sadIs /r/unexpectedsoundofmusic a sub?
Bees don't sting unless you fuck with them. Bees are your bros. Bees take care of your garden and all the plants down at the park. Bees are cool and make us honey. Bees are hard working little oompa loompas who just want to be left alone. 		Wasps on the other hand... Wasps exist solely to ruin everyone's day.Wasp: "I hope you're having a good day, because I'm about to ruin it."		Edit: spelling
Fuck yeah! 		As long as it is a positive fuck I think. Well, fuckin' a.
It isIt's really not.
I'm Mary Poppins, y'all!I'm learning lots of things, like I'm a pet and ugly! 
I'm Mary Poppins, y'all!Who's that? Is he cool?
I could have had a 2 hour and 15 minute movie of just Drax and I would have been the happiest ~~morherfucker~~ motherfucker ever		E: also, was anyone else surprised to learn that the movie was over 2 hours long? It didn't feel its length at all to me.I so want to cut all the Drax laughs once I have the film (saw it in the cinema already)... Haha^Haha^Haha^Haha
I could have had a 2 hour and 15 minute movie of just Drax and I would have been the happiest ~~morherfucker~~ motherfucker ever		E: also, was anyone else surprised to learn that the movie was over 2 hours long? It didn't feel its length at all to me.Yeah. Best part is that he's so fucking funny, but the movie shows that he has a lot of sadness inside too.
I could have had a 2 hour and 15 minute movie of just Drax and I would have been the happiest ~~morherfucker~~ motherfucker ever		E: also, was anyone else surprised to learn that the movie was over 2 hours long? It didn't feel its length at all to me.Bautistas acting chops have skyrocketed since the first film. He was surprisingly good for a professional wrestler in the first one, he was just great in this one.
Is /r/unexpectedsoundofmusic a sub?Not yet. 
Wasp: "I hope you're having a good day, because I'm about to ruin it."		Edit: spellingDONT RUN MY DAY WASP I CAN TAKE CARE OF MYSELF
I actually learned that about bees a few years ago. Before, I was quite scared of them. Now, I know that if I'm chill, they're chill.I would feel weird saying this anywhere but here- I used to have severe apiphobia. I think the first time I actually felt like a real parent was when I bushed a bee off my kid and I had to go in the house and shake for a bit from adrenaline. 		So three years ago I read about tired bees and how they may need water or sugar.  Two years ago a bee landed on my skirt and for a minute or two I just froze. She just sat there, patiently. 		The material was somewhat water resistant, so I shakily poured a little water onto my lap, curling up the fabric a bit to make a little bee drinking pool. She had a drink of water, bumbled around my lap, then eventually flew off.		I'm not scared of bumblebees now. It was a good way to confront my fear.
Well, fuckin' a.I like to use the word 'fuck' to bridge thoughts together. For example, this title is awfully specific ...fuuucking... you okay OP?
It's really not.It's Jeremiah Johnson, mountain man.
I'm learning lots of things, like I'm a pet and ugly! My daughter was like you.		Disgusting?
Who's that? Is he cool?He's really cool. 
I so want to cut all the Drax laughs once I have the film (saw it in the cinema already)... Haha^Haha^Haha^HahaPretty much the only scene with him I didn't like was the initial ~~mind~~emotion-reading scene. I didn't like that scene in the trailer or the movie. Drax was still the best part of that scene, though. 
Yeah. Best part is that he's so fucking funny, but the movie shows that he has a lot of sadness inside too.Like with those "practical jokes" he invented
Yeah. Best part is that he's so fucking funny, but the movie shows that he has a lot of sadness inside too.You could see a huge improvement in his acting too, probably why they weren't afraid to show his darker side.
Yeah. Best part is that he's so fucking funny, but the movie shows that he has a lot of sadness inside too.The moment where Mantis touches him and starts sobbing while he casually looks into the distance was my favorite part of the whole movie.
Bautistas acting chops have skyrocketed since the first film. He was surprisingly good for a professional wrestler in the first one, he was just great in this one.He's really made the role his own. He's a really good deadpan deliverer.
Not yet. It's treason then
He's really cool. So are you
It's treason thenIs r/prequelmemes a sub?
So are youThanks! You are too, buddy!
Is r/prequelmemes a sub?Yes
Thanks! You are too, buddy!So is this dog 
YesWell whaddya know
YesYep*
